train_neg0 simplistic , silly and tedious . 
train_neg1 exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable . 
train_neg2 a visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification . 
train_neg3 about the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience's meat grinder one more time . 
train_neg4 all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject . 
train_neg5 a sentimental mess that never rings true . 
train_neg6 while the ensemble player who gained notice in guy ritchie's lock , stock and two smoking barrels and snatch has the bod , he's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle . 
train_neg7 such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us " the skulls " and last year's " rollerball . " enough said , except : film overboard ! 
train_neg8 here , common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit sascha . 
train_neg9 this 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material . 
train_neg10 on its own , it's not very interesting . as a remake , it's a pale imitation . 
train_neg11 it shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there's a little girl-on-girl action . 
train_neg12 as exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma . 
train_neg13 the party scenes deliver some tawdry kicks . the rest of the film . . . is dudsville . 
train_neg14 the criticism never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters . . . 
train_neg15 the movie's something-borrowed construction feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story . killing time , that's all that's going on here . 
train_neg16 stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish . yep , it's " waking up in reno . " go back to sleep . 
train_neg17 somewhere in the middle , the film compels , as demme experiments he harvests a few movie moment gems , but the field of roughage dominates . 
train_neg18 the action clichés just pile up . 
train_neg19 payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran's electoral process , but the result is a film that's about as subtle as a party political broadcast . 
train_neg20 i didn't laugh . i didn't smile . i survived . 
train_neg21 most of the problems with the film don't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved
train_neg22  . . . if you're just in the mood for a fun -- but bad -- movie , you might want to catch freaks as a matinee . 
train_neg23 curling may be a unique sport but men with brooms is distinctly ordinary . 
train_neg24 there's no getting around the fact that this is revenge of the nerds revisited -- again . 
train_neg25 analyze that regurgitates and waters down many of the previous film's successes , with a few new swings thrown in . 
train_neg26 equlibrium could pass for a thirteen-year-old's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 . 
train_neg27 the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced . . . it's a pity that [nelson's] achievement doesn't match his ambition . 
train_neg28 everything is off . 
train_neg29 imagine the cleanflicks version of 'love story , ' with ali macgraw's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes . 
train_neg30 forget the misleading title , what's with the unexplained baboon cameo ? 
train_neg31 pascale bailly's rom-com provides amélie's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i . e . , a banal spiritual quest . 
train_neg32 mattei's underdeveloped effort here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination . 
train_neg33 isn't as sharp as the original . . . despite some visual virtues , 'blade ii' just doesn't cut it . 
train_neg34 maybe leblanc thought , " hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . " 
train_neg35 what you expect is just what you get . . . assuming the bar of expectations hasn't been raised above sixth-grade height . 
train_neg36 barry sonnenfeld owes frank the pug big time
train_neg37 the biggest problem with roger avary's uproar against the mpaa is that , even in all its director's cut glory , he's made a film that's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything . 
train_neg38 i approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise . 
train_neg39 earnest but heavy-handed . 
train_neg40 too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one . 
train_neg41 there's a reason the studio didn't offer an advance screening . " the adventures of pluto nash " is a big time stinker . 
train_neg42 a punch line without a premise , a joke built entirely from musty memories of half-dimensional characters . 
train_neg43 the things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just won't fly with most intelligent viewers . 
train_neg44 even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity didn't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by avary's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest . 
train_neg45 sitting through the last reel ( spoiler alert ! ) is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his halloween trip to the haunted house . 
train_neg46 deadly dull , pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel . 
train_neg47 one can only assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
train_neg48 a movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms . 
train_neg49 sex ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler . but never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti
train_neg50 the script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that doesn't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people . 
train_neg51 feels like a cold old man going through the motions . 
train_neg52 dignified ceo's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree . can you bear the laughter ? 
train_neg53 there's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan's prefeminist plight , so we're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity . 
train_neg54 beware the quirky brit-com . they can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental . 
train_neg55 there's no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt's plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance . 
train_neg56 directors john musker and ron clements , the team behind the little mermaid , have produced sparkling retina candy , but they aren't able to muster a lot of emotional resonance in the cold vacuum of space . 
train_neg57 there's no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for egoyan , but it's also one that , next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted . 
train_neg58 despite engaging offbeat touches , knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast . 
train_neg59 the movie is a mess from start to finish . 
train_neg60 the trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness . 
train_neg61 i'm not saying that ice age doesn't have some fairly pretty pictures , but there's not enough substance in the story to actually give them life . 
train_neg62 in the telling of a story largely untold , bui chooses to produce something that is ultimately suspiciously familiar . 
train_neg63 beautifully filmed and well acted . . . but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics . 
train_neg64 wow . i have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time . 
train_neg65 it's a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding . 
train_neg66 watching harris ham it up while physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death , but boyd's film offers little else of consequence . 
train_neg67 it's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget . 
train_neg68 'ejemplo de una cinta en que no importa el talento de su reparto o lo interesante que pudo haber resultado su premisa , pues el resultado es francamente aburrido y , por momentos , deplorable . '
train_neg69 there's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever . 
train_neg70 none of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think . 
train_neg71 fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix . 
train_neg72 an erotic thriller that's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either . 
train_neg73 the movie , like bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes . 
train_neg74 with its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters . . . margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake . 
train_neg75 if you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash . 
train_neg76 the director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of new age-inspired good intentions , but the spell they cast isn't the least bit mesmerizing . 
train_neg77 everything is pegged into the groove of a new york dating comedy with 'issues' to simplify . 
train_neg78 a dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishonest and pat as any hollywood fluff . 
train_neg79 one lousy movie . 
train_neg80 plodding , peevish and gimmicky . 
train_neg81 the four feathers is definitely horse feathers , but if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox . 
train_neg82 oozes condescension from every pore . 
train_neg83 the direction , by george hickenlooper , has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism . 
train_neg84  . . . hypnotically dull . 
train_neg85 it has plenty of laughs . it just doesn't have much else . . . especially in a moral sense . 
train_neg86 an awful lot like one of [spears'] music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it . 
train_neg87 confusion is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it . 
train_neg88 it may play well as a double feature with mainstream foreign mush like my big fat greek wedding
train_neg89 journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull . 
train_neg90  at its best , it's black hawk down with more heart . at its worst , it's rambo- meets-john ford . 
train_neg91 director oliver parker labors so hard to whip life into the importance of being earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two . 
train_neg92 you might be shocked to discover that seinfeld's real life is boring . 
train_neg93 it's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time . 
train_neg94 walsh can't quite negotiate the many inconsistencies in janice's behavior or compensate for them by sheer force of charm . 
train_neg95 this 10th film in the series looks and feels tired . 
train_neg96 one of the oddest and most inexplicable sequels in movie history . 
train_neg97 there's nothing to gain from watching they . it isn't scary . it hates its characters . it finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers . 
train_neg98 the skirmishes for power waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense . 
train_neg99 thoroughly awful . 
train_neg100  . . . ice age treads predictably along familiar territory , making it a passable family film that won't win many fans over the age of 12 . 
train_neg101 though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable . 
train_neg102 the video work is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being 'naturalistic' rather than carefully lit and set up , that it's exhausting to watch . 
train_neg103 truly terrible . 
train_neg104 it's tommy's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you'll feel like mopping up , too . 
train_neg105 fluffy and disposible . 
train_neg106 if you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller , you might soon be looking for a sign . an exit sign , that is . 
train_neg107 holds limited appeal to those who like explosions , sadism and seeing people beat each other to a pulp . 
train_neg108 what you end up getting is the vertical limit of surfing movies - memorable stunts with lots of downtime in between . 
train_neg109 stealing harvard doesn't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor . 
train_neg110 imagine kevin smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor . the result might look like vulgar . 
train_neg111 suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer demands . 
train_neg112 what soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it's icky . 
train_neg113 a suffocating rape-payback horror show that hinges on the subgenre's most enabling victim . . . and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers . 
train_neg114 star trek was kind of terrific once , but now it is a copy of a copy of a copy . 
train_neg115 every potential twist is telegraphed well in advance , every performance respectably muted ; the movie itself seems to have been made under the influence of rohypnol . 
train_neg116 ver wiel's desperate attempt at wit is lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless . 
train_neg117 despite a performance of sustained intelligence from stanford and another of subtle humour from bebe neuwirth , as an older woman who seduces oscar , the film founders on its lack of empathy for the social milieu - rich new york intelligentsia - and its off
train_neg118 a sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis . 
train_neg119 [p]artnering murphy with robert de niro for the tv-cops comedy showtime would seem to be surefire casting . the catch is that they're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders . 
train_neg120 a lack of thesis makes maryam , in the end , play out with the intellectual and emotional impact of an after-school special . 
train_neg121 by-the-numbers yarn . 
train_neg122 without shakespeare's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish . 
train_neg123 bisset delivers a game performance , but she is unable to save the movie . 
train_neg124 watching austin powers in goldmember is like binging on cotton candy . it's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied . 
train_neg125 the film can depress you about life itself . 
train_neg126 i'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , but anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap cliché . 
train_neg127 the acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line . 
train_neg128 at 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer . 
train_neg129 here's my advice , kev . start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line . 
train_neg130 an alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom . . . you'd be wise to send your regrets . 
train_neg131 an ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental . 
train_neg132 glazed with a tawdry b-movie scum . 
train_neg133 this is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness . 
train_neg134 unintelligible , poorly acted , brain-slappingly bad , harvard man is ludicrous enough that it could become a cult classic . 
train_neg135 watching the powerpuff girls movie , my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures . 
train_neg136 an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength . 
train_neg137 with the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which they isn't , it is more likely to induce sleep than fright . 
train_neg138 mild , meandering teen flick . 
train_neg139 though its atmosphere is intriguing . . . the drama is finally too predictable to leave much of an impression . 
train_neg140 astonishing isn't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap . indeed , none of these words really gets at the very special type of badness that is deuces wild . 
train_neg141 one thing is for sure : this movie does not tell you a whole lot about lily chou-chou . 
train_neg142 with a tone as variable as the cinematography , schaeffer's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters' quirks and foibles never jell into charm . 
train_neg143 cuba gooding jr . valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy . 
train_neg144 not at all clear what it's trying to say and even if it were – i doubt it would be all that interesting . 
train_neg145 storytelling feels slight . 
train_neg146 [swimfan] falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting . 
train_neg147 this remake of lina wertmuller's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john and bo derek made the ridiculous bolero . 
train_neg148 the french director has turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing . 
train_neg149 the pool drowned me in boredom . 
train_neg150 some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but overall the film never rises above mediocrity . 
train_neg151 there's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 . 
train_neg152 as is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers , mr . murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold . 
train_neg153 the mystery of enigma is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent . . . could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture . 
train_neg154 it throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , " look at this ! this is an interesting movie ! " but the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging . 
train_neg155 the inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror/action hybrid . 
train_neg156 it's not only dull because we've seen [eddie] murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed . 
train_neg157 avary's film never quite emerges from the shadow of ellis' book . 
train_neg158 a poorly scripted , preachy fable that forgets about unfolding a coherent , believable story in its zeal to spread propaganda . 
train_neg159 it's sincere to a fault , but , unfortunately , not very compelling or much fun . 
train_neg160 why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free ? there's no good answer to that one . 
train_neg161 this slow-moving swedish film offers not even a hint of joy , preferring to focus on the humiliation of martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party . 
train_neg162 a muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that doesn't make much sense even on its own terms . 
train_neg163 there's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream . 
train_neg164 klein , charming in comedies like american pie and dead-on in election , delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed . 
train_neg165 it's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from " promising " to " interesting " to " familiar " before landing squarely on " stupid " . 
train_neg166 it won't harm anyone , but neither can i think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it . after all , it'll probably be in video stores by christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies . 
train_neg167 looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights . 
train_neg168 given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece , the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors' workshop that it is . 
train_neg169 [carvey's] characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark . 
train_neg170 it's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here , but it's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through . 
train_neg171 brown's saga , like many before his , makes for snappy prose but a stumblebum of a movie . 
train_neg172 the script by vincent r . nebrida . . . tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot . 
train_neg173 the story is so light and sugary that were it a macy's thanksgiving day parade balloon , extra heavy-duty ropes would be needed to keep it from floating away . 
train_neg174 cold and scattered , minority report commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals . that's not vintage spielberg and that , finally , is minimally satisfying . 
train_neg175 it's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller . 
train_neg176 [a] soulless , stupid sequel . . . 
train_neg177  . . . a mostly boring affair with a confusing sudden finale that's likely to irk viewers . 
train_neg178 the trappings of i spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun . 
train_neg179 what starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film . 
train_neg180 in the wake of saving private ryan , black hawk down and we were soldiers , you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage's war-weary marine . 
train_neg181 it is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd . 
train_neg182 cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail's pace . 
train_neg183 the movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality . 
train_neg184 the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory . 
train_neg185 this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine , winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand . 
train_neg186 as pure over-the-top trash , any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile . 
train_neg187 wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time . 
train_neg188 viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for holm's performance , the film would be a total washout . 
train_neg189 everybody loves a david and goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from david's point of view . 
train_neg190 throw smoochy from the train ! 
train_neg191 eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you don't care who fires the winning shot . 
train_neg192 cedar somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle . 
train_neg193 to paraphrase a line from another dickens' novel , nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato . 
train_neg194 an extremely unpleasant film . 
train_neg195 a movie just for friday fans , critics be damned . if you already like this sort of thing , this is that sort of thing all over again . 
train_neg196 ultimately feels like just one more in the long line of films this year about the business of making movies . 
train_neg197 a high-minded snoozer . 
train_neg198 nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives . 
train_neg199 77 minutes of pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does . my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it . 
train_neg200 a movie you observe , rather than one you enter into . 
train_neg201 the notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced prozac nation , is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus . 
train_neg202 stale first act , scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish , dumb fart jokes . 
train_neg203 adam sandler's eight crazy nights grows on you -- like a rash . 
train_neg204 few of the increasingly far-fetched events that first-time writer-director neil burger follows up with are terribly convincing , which is a pity , considering barry's terrific performance . 
train_neg205 the movie is as padded as allen's jelly belly . 
train_neg206 bluto blutarsky , we miss you . 
train_neg207 innocuous enough to make even jean-claude van damme look good . 
train_neg208 woody allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody . but i had a lot of problems with this movie . 
train_neg209 devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special . 
train_neg210 all movie long , city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast . 
train_neg211 plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year . 
train_neg212 however sincere it may be , the rising place never quite justifies its own existence . 
train_neg213 it's sort of a 21st century morality play with a latino hip hop beat . but the second half of the movie really goes downhill . 
train_neg214 the script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy . 
train_neg215 the film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work . 
train_neg216 let's issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate . 
train_neg217 alternately frustrating and rewarding . 
train_neg218 it's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure . 
train_neg219 swinging , the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit . or intelligent . 
train_neg220 the most memorable moment was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration . 
train_neg221 see clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes . but be warned , you too may feel time has decided to stand still . or that the battery on your watch has died . 
train_neg222 suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry british filmmakers have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 . 
train_neg223 there are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit . 
train_neg224 children and adults enamored of all things pokemon won't be disappointed . 
train_neg225 i don't even care that there's no plot in this antonio banderas-lucy liu faceoff . it's still terrible ! 
train_neg226 it's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil' bow wow . 
train_neg227 amazingly dopey . 
train_neg228 cloaks a familiar anti-feminist equation ( career - kids = misery ) in tiresome romantic-comedy duds . 
train_neg229 the animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication . 
train_neg230 only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley's flopping dolphin-gasm . 
train_neg231 mr . soderbergh's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious . 
train_neg232 it makes me feel weird / thinking about all the bad things in the world / like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens
train_neg233 director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon , but showtime's uninspired send-up of tv cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks . 
train_neg234 'yes , that's right : it's forrest gump , angel of death . '
train_neg235 a wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching . 
train_neg236 a generic international version of a typical american horror film . 
train_neg237  . . . while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare's macbeth doesn't sustain a high enough level of invention . 
train_neg238 crikey indeed . 
train_neg239 there's a lot of good material here , but there's also a lot of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it . 
train_neg240 absurdities and clichés accumulate like lint in a fat man's navel . 
train_neg241 if you think it's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman's clothes , then you'll enjoy the hot chick . 
train_neg242 the next big thing's not-so-big ( and not-so-hot ) directorial debut . 
train_neg243 yet another iteration of what's become one of the movies' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally " superior " friends , family . . . 
train_neg244 none of this is very original , and it isn't particularly funny . 
train_neg245  . . . a bland murder-on-campus yawner . 
train_neg246 a humorless journey into a philosophical void . 
train_neg247 these two are generating about as much chemistry as an iraqi factory poised to receive a un inspector . 
train_neg248 just as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation . 
train_neg249 a passable romantic comedy , in need of another couple of passes through the word processor . 
train_neg250 the movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches isn't exactly endearing . 
train_neg251 shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives . 
train_neg252 in the book-on-tape market , the film of " the kid stays in the picture " would be an abridged edition
train_neg253 ultimately . . . the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults . 
train_neg254 it's just a little too self-satisfied . 
train_neg255 clever but not especially compelling . 
train_neg256 the movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne . 
train_neg257 brisk hack job . 
train_neg258 the problem with antwone fisher is that it has a screenplay written by antwone fisher based on the book by antwone fisher . 
train_neg259 alarms for duvall's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks . 
train_neg260 …the maudlin way its story unfolds suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material . 
train_neg261 low rent from frame one . 
train_neg262 the issues are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it's impossible to care . 
train_neg263 laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany . 
train_neg264 the respective charms of sandra bullock and hugh grant have worn threadbare . 
train_neg265 'this movie sucks . '
train_neg266 none of this so-called satire has any sting to it , as if woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him . 
train_neg267 there's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie . 
train_neg268 hugh grant's act is so consuming that sometimes it's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are . 
train_neg269 although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original , the first film's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks . 
train_neg270 the jokes are flat , and the action looks fake . 
train_neg271 when a movie asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger's sex life , it already has one strike against it . 
train_neg272  . . . hokey art house pretension . 
train_neg273  . . . a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off . 
train_neg274 gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it's not clear whether we're supposed to shriek or laugh . 
train_neg275 plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo . 
train_neg276 a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat , and if you're going to alter the bard's ending , you'd better have a good alternative . 
train_neg277 the only thing that distinguishes a randall wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film . 
train_neg278 there is so much plodding sensitivity . 
train_neg279 expanded to 65 minutes for theatrical release , it still feels somewhat unfinished . 
train_neg280 it all looks and plays like a $40 million version of a game you're more likely to enjoy on a computer . 
train_neg281 [javier bardem is] one of the few reasons to watch the film , which director gerardo vera has drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama . 
train_neg282 feels shrill , simple and soapy . 
train_neg283 brady achieves the remarkable feat of squandering a topnotch foursome of actors . . . by shoving them into every clichéd white-trash situation imaginable . 
train_neg284 in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , the emperor's club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach . 
train_neg285 a direct-to-void release , heading nowhere . 
train_neg286 below is well below expectations . 
train_neg287 empire can't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film . it doesn't work as either . 
train_neg288 possession is in the end an honorable , interesting failure . it falls far short of poetry , but it's not bad prose . 
train_neg289 unfortunately , carvey's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg . 
train_neg290 the master of disguise is funny--not " ha ha " funny , " dead circus performer " funny . and for all the wrong reasons besides . 
train_neg291 a 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor . 
train_neg292 the waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter . 
train_neg293 in theory , a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising , but in practice it's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life . 
train_neg294 so mind-numbingly awful that you hope britney won't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned . 
train_neg295 sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and judaism back at least 50 . 
train_neg296 might best be enjoyed as a daytime soaper . 
train_neg297 eventually arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation . 
train_neg298 boy oh boy , it's a howler . 
train_neg299 a few pieces of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it actually clicks . the thing just never gets off the ground . 
train_neg300 the actors must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face . 
train_neg301 there's nothing remotely topical or sexy here . 
train_neg302 blue crush is so prolonged and boring it isn't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be . 
train_neg303 the sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once . 
train_neg304 so devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it cannot even be dubbed hedonistic . 
train_neg305 reeks of rot and hack work from start to finish . 
train_neg306 an exhausting family drama about a porcelain empire and just as hard a flick as its subject matter . 
train_neg307 the bland outweighs the nifty , and cletis tout never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is . 
train_neg308 it's such a mechanical endeavor [that] it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it . 
train_neg309  if the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish . 
train_neg310 a seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writer-director kurt wimmer at the screenplay level . 
train_neg311 a pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole . 
train_neg312 a tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow genre . 
train_neg313 human nature , in short , isn't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart . 
train_neg314 a film with a great premise but only a great premise . 
train_neg315 instead of building to a laugh riot we are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence . 
train_neg316 kirshner and monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other . ( kirshner wins , but it's close . ) 
train_neg317 [sam's] self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining . 
train_neg318 an ugly , pointless , stupid movie . 
train_neg319 this is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be . 
train_neg320 too silly to take seriously . 
train_neg321 obvious
train_neg322 the inevitable double- and triple-crosses arise , but the only drama is in waiting to hear how john malkovich's reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line . 
train_neg323 i like it . no , i hate it . no , i love it . . . hell , i dunno . 
train_neg324 this mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy . 
train_neg325 a fifty car pileup of cliches . 
train_neg326 it's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish . not only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch , it's one of the worst of the entire franchise . 
train_neg327 what ultimately makes windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story . 
train_neg328 the drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin couldn't keep my attention . 
train_neg329 a rather tired exercise in nostalgia . 
train_neg330 some body often looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments . 
train_neg331 a markedly inactive film , city is conversational bordering on confessional . 
train_neg332 its one-sidedness . . . flirts with propaganda . 
train_neg333 we've liked klein's other work but rollerball left us cold . 
train_neg334 it would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction . 
train_neg335 nohe has made a decent 'intro' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant . 
train_neg336 a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum . 
train_neg337 guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep . 
train_neg338 too ordinary to restore [harmon] to prominence , despite some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors , and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience . 
train_neg339 the weird thing about the santa clause 2 , purportedly a children's movie , is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally . 
train_neg340 it's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish . 
train_neg341 contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom . 
train_neg342 ong chooses to present ah na's life as a slight , weightless fairy tale , whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the character's blank-faced optimism . 
train_neg343 just a kiss is a just a waste . 
train_neg344  . . . this isn't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels . 
train_neg345 as if drop dead gorgeous wasn't enough , this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition . 
train_neg346 a wretched movie that reduces the second world war to one man's quest to find an old flame . 
train_neg347 it's better than mid-range steven seagal , but not as sharp as jet li on rollerblades . 
train_neg348 the talk-heavy film plays like one of robert altman's lesser works . 
train_neg349 as happily glib and vicious as its characters . 
train_neg350 one of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart . 
train_neg351 no better or worse than 'truth or consequences , n . m . ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater . 
train_neg352 a sour attempt at making a farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female set . 
train_neg353 [macdowell] ventures beyond her abilities several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is . 
train_neg354 i can imagine this movie as a b&w british comedy , circa 1960 , with peter sellers , kenneth williams , et al . , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless . 
train_neg355 talky , artificial and opaque . . . an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture . 
train_neg356 almost nothing else -- raunchy and graphic as it may be in presentation -- is one-sided , outwardly sexist or mean-spirited . and in a sense , that's a liability . 
train_neg357 it's easy to love robin tunney -- she's pretty and she can act -- but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices . 
train_neg358 if you've got a house full of tots -- don't worry , this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then . 
train_neg359 the new film of anton chekhov's the cherry orchard puts the 'ick' in 'classic . '
train_neg360 has an uppity musical beat that you can dance to , but its energy can't compare to the wit , humor and snappy dialogue of the original . if i want music , i'll buy the soundtrack . if i want a real movie , i'll buy the criterion dvd . 
train_neg361 an unremarkable , modern action/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title . 
train_neg362 writer-director stephen gaghan has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call 'too clever by half . '
train_neg363 an awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything remotely probing or penetrating . 
train_neg364 children , christian or otherwise , deserve to hear the full story of jonah's despair -- in all its agonizing , catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it . 
train_neg365 pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle . 
train_neg366 with zoe clarke-williams's lackluster thriller " new best friend " , who needs enemies ? just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills . 
train_neg367 the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based 'drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged . 
train_neg368 the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage . the images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable . 
train_neg369 like a soft drink that's been sitting open too long : it's too much syrup and not enough fizz . 
train_neg370 as the movie dragged on , i thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign . i have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short . 
train_neg371 the emperor's club is one of those films that possesses all the good intentions in the world , but . . . 
train_neg372 the re- enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well . 
train_neg373 eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema's directorial giants . 
train_neg374 serving sara is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time . 
train_neg375 the isolated moments of creative insanity finally are lost in the thin soup of canned humor . 
train_neg376 a really good premise is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness . 
train_neg377 lawrence should stick to his day job . he's a better actor than a standup comedian . 
train_neg378 a well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars . 
train_neg379 i never thought i'd say this , but i'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies ! 
train_neg380 we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they'll wind up together , and michele's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest . 
train_neg381 the plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution . 
train_neg382 rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories . 
train_neg383 witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic . 
train_neg384 as plain and pedestrian as catsup--
train_neg385 an improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it . 
train_neg386 your stomach for heaven depends largely on your appetite for canned corn . 
train_neg387 whatever satire lucky break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the " soon-to-be-forgettable " section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile . it's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
train_neg388 the package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped is disappointingly generic . 
train_neg389 guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets . some of the characters die and others don't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares . 
train_neg390 just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence . . . lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm . 
train_neg391 all the movie's narrative gymnastics can't disguise the fact that it's inauthentic at its core and that its story just isn't worth telling . 
train_neg392 the film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive . . . 
train_neg393 for all its shoot-outs , fistfights , and car chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs . spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian . 
train_neg394 this mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , john c . walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago . 
train_neg395 you'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous [than leon] . 
train_neg396 kapur's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself . 
train_neg397 animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots . 
train_neg398 'the château is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '
train_neg399 meyjes focuses too much on max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the- making . 
train_neg400 there is one surefire way to get a nomination for a best-foreign-film oscar : make a movie about whimsical folk who learn a nonchallenging , life-affirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture . 
train_neg401 an incredibly narrow in-joke targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic . 
train_neg402 the only thing i laughed at were the people who paid to see it . 
train_neg403 all of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but director george hickenlooper's approach to the material is too upbeat . 
train_neg404 the hackneyed story about an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband is simply too overdone . 
train_neg405 the phone rings and a voice tells you you've got seven days left to live . then you get another phone call warning you that if the video isn't back at blockbuster before midnight , you're going to face frightening late fees . o . k . , not really . 
train_neg406 the film's overall mood and focus is interesting but constantly unfulfilling . 
train_neg407  . . . a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror . 
train_neg408 punitively affirmational parable . 
train_neg409 befuddled in its characterizations as it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject
train_neg410 the movie would seem less of a trifle if ms . sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine . 
train_neg411 it's just not very smart . 
train_neg412 like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions . 
train_neg413 imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma . 
train_neg414 90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping . 
train_neg415 sadly , though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they can't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction . 
train_neg416 this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it's the worst movie i've seen this summer . 
train_neg417 it's drab . it's uninteresting . it squanders chan's uniqueness ; it could even be said to squander jennifer love hewitt ! 
train_neg418 this tale has been told and retold ; the races and rackets change , but the song remains the same . 
train_neg419 a surprisingly flat retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing . 
train_neg420 forget the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this won't seem like such a bore . 
train_neg421 a film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner is somehow making its way instead to theaters . it's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter . 
train_neg422 an unintentional parody of every teen movie made in the last five years . 
train_neg423 a sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer . 
train_neg424 the action is reasonably well-done . . . yet story , character and comedy bits are too ragged to ever fit smoothly together . 
train_neg425 howard conjures the past via surrealist flourishes so overwrought you'd swear he just stepped out of a buñuel retrospective . 
train_neg426 watching queen of the damned is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in . 
train_neg427 when mr . hundert tells us in his narration that 'this is a story without surprises , ' we nod in agreement . 
train_neg428 leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion . 
train_neg429 it is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness . 
train_neg430 the film's lack of personality permeates all its aspects — from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed . 
train_neg431 works on the whodunit level as its larger themes get lost in the murk of its own making
train_neg432 crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls . 
train_neg433 4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly . 
train_neg434 sayles . . . once again strands his superb performers in the same old story . 
train_neg435 the filmmakers lack the nerve . . . to fully exploit the script's potential for sick humor . 
train_neg436 the film wasn't preachy , but it was feminism by the book . 
train_neg437  . . . the same tired old gags , modernized for the extreme sports generation . there's already been too many of these films . . . 
train_neg438 clockstoppers is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that doesn't know what it wants to be when it grows up . 
train_neg439 although bright , well-acted and thought-provoking , tuck everlasting suffers from a laconic pace and a lack of traditional action . 
train_neg440 'the war of the roses , ' trailer-trash style . entertaining but like shooting fish in a barrel . 
train_neg441 supposedly , pokemon can't be killed , but pokemon 4ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over . 
train_neg442 white hasn't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else . 
train_neg443 when you resurrect a dead man , hard copy should come a-knocking , no ? 
train_neg444 the film feels formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe . 
train_neg445 mr . deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor . 
train_neg446 how this one escaped the lifetime network i'll never know . 
train_neg447 one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations . 
train_neg448 instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid , we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos . 
train_neg449 the umpteenth summer skinny dip in jerry bruckheimer's putrid pond of retread action twaddle . 
train_neg450 the film thrusts the inchoate but already eldritch christian right propaganda machine into national media circles . 
train_neg451 dogtown is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring . 
train_neg452 it's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain . 
train_neg453 to be influenced chiefly by humanity's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for god's sake ! -- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw . 
train_neg454 taken as a whole , the tuxedo doesn't add up to a whole lot . 
train_neg455 as we have come to learn -- as many times as we have fingers to count on -- jason is a killer who doesn't know the meaning of the word 'quit . ' the filmmakers might want to look it up . 
train_neg456 what's surprising about this traditional thriller , moderately successful but not completely satisfying , is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be . 
train_neg457 drowning's too good for this sucker . 
train_neg458 an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product . 
train_neg459 love liza is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit . 
train_neg460 there are things to like about murder by numbers -- but , in the end , the disparate elements don't gel . 
train_neg461  . . . tackling a low-budget movie in which inexperienced children play the two main characters might not be the best way to cut your teeth in the film industry . 
train_neg462 quite frankly , i can't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out . 
train_neg463 too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy , vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work . 
train_neg464 horrid little propaganda film with fascinating connections not only to the serbs themselves but also to a network of american right-wing extremists . 
train_neg465 it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b . s . one another and put on a show in drag . 
train_neg466 a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for -- well , i'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop . 
train_neg467 sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading . 
train_neg468 snow dogs finds its humour in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
train_neg469 whole stretches of the film may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black . 
train_neg470 reggio and glass so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that glass's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby . 
train_neg471 es triste tener que decirles que lo único grato de la cinta es el cuerpo desnudo de la heather . . . 
train_neg472 the film makes strong arguments regarding the social status of america's indigenous people , but really only exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get . 
train_neg473 if the tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit chan like a $99 bargain-basement special . 
train_neg474 parents beware ; this is downright movie penance . 
train_neg475 a pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between xxx and vertical limit . 
train_neg476 feels at times like a giant commercial for universal studios , where much of the action takes place . 
train_neg477 britney spears' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction . 
train_neg478 every sequel you skip will be two hours gained . consider this review life-affirming . 
train_neg479 if the movie were all comedy , it might work better . but it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness . 
train_neg480 the movie , while beautiful , feels labored , with a hint of the writing exercise about it . 
train_neg481 the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine . 
train_neg482 big fat liar is little more than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level . 
train_neg483 the movie is gorgeously made , but it is also somewhat shallow and art-conscious . 
train_neg484 loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness . 
train_neg485 chamber of secrets will find millions of eager fans . but if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie . 
train_neg486 too clever by about nine-tenths . 
train_neg487 well-meant but unoriginal . 
train_neg488 director carl franklin , so crisp and economical in one false move , bogs down in genre cliches here . 
train_neg489 mendes still doesn't quite know how to fill a frame . like the hanks character , he's a slow study : the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed . 
train_neg490 an uplifting , largely bogus story . 
train_neg491 an empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance . 
train_neg492 my own minority report is that it stinks . 
train_neg493  . . . if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you're in for a painful ride . 
train_neg494 while solondz tries and tries hard , storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket . 
train_neg495 with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player , this latest skewering . . . may put off insiders and outsiders alike . 
train_neg496 [davis] wants to cause his audience an epiphany , yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters . 
train_neg497 without a fresh infusion of creativity , 4ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking . 
train_neg498  . . . unlike [scorsese's mean streets] , ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot . 
train_neg499 being unique doesn't necessarily equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke . 
train_neg500 odd and weird . 
train_neg501 waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway . 
train_neg502 shadyac , who belongs with the damned for perpetrating patch adams , trots out every ghost trick from the sixth sense to the mothman prophecies . 
train_neg503 it is not the first time that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time she fails to provoke them . 
train_neg504 i'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year . 
train_neg505 meanders between its powerful moments . 
train_neg506 a backhanded ode to female camaraderie penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship . 
train_neg507  . . . delivers few moments of inspiration amid the bland animation and simplistic story . 
train_neg508 a lot of talent is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor . 
train_neg509 [t]oo many of these gross out scenes . . . 
train_neg510 reno does what he can in a thankless situation , the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again , and ryoko hirosue makes us wonder if she is always like that . 
train_neg511 if jews were catholics , this would be catechism
train_neg512 one of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch . 
train_neg513 charming , if overly complicated . . . 
train_neg514 schneider's mugging is relentless and his constant need to suddenly transpose himself into another character undermines the story's continuity and progression . 
train_neg515 all very stylish and beautifully photographed , but far more trouble than it's worth , with fantasy mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion . 
train_neg516 it's probably not easy to make such a worthless film . . . 
train_neg517 for a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over , no such thing is a big letdown . 
train_neg518 'christian bale's quinn [is] a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . '
train_neg519 might be one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people . 
train_neg520 after you laugh once ( maybe twice ) , you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot . 
train_neg521 not one moment in the enterprise didn't make me want to lie down in a dark room with something cool to my brow . 
train_neg522 in the era of the sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic . 
train_neg523 breen's script is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting . 
train_neg524  . . . too contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be . 
train_neg525 not the great american comedy , but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you'll have a good time with this one too . 
train_neg526 a domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic cliches . 
train_neg527 mr . goyer's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way . 
train_neg528 the movie is so thoughtlessly assembled . 
train_neg529 benigni presents himself as the boy puppet pinocchio , complete with receding hairline , weathered countenance and american breckin meyer's ridiculously inappropriate valley boy voice . 
train_neg530 plays like some corny television production from a bygone era
train_neg531 the end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump . 
train_neg532 for all the charm of kevin kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope , there's something creepy about this movie . 
train_neg533 i was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism . 
train_neg534 producer john penotti surveyed high school students . . . and came back with the astonishing revelation that " they wanted to see something that didn't talk down to them . " ignoring that , he made swimfan anyway
train_neg535 naipaul fans may be disappointed . those who are not acquainted with the author's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep . 
train_neg536 hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound . 
train_neg537 full frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters . by that measure , it is a failure . 
train_neg538 has its charming quirks and its dull spots . 
train_neg539 an admitted egomaniac , evans is no hollywood villain , and yet this grating showcase almost makes you wish he'd gone the way of don simpson . 
train_neg540 the audience when i saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and that's a bad sign when they're supposed to be having a collective heart attack . 
train_neg541 everyone's to blame here . 
train_neg542 less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession . 
train_neg543 sex with strangers will shock many with its unblinking frankness . but what is missing from it all is a moral . what is the filmmakers' point ? why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ? 
train_neg544 you see robin williams and psycho killer , and you think , hmmmmm . you see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz . 
train_neg545 the movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves . 
train_neg546 formulaic to the 51st power , more like . 
train_neg547 draggin' about dragons
train_neg548 howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but they're often undone by howard's self-conscious attempts to find a 'literary' filmmaking style to match his subject . 
train_neg549 the movie just has too much on its plate to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time . 
train_neg550 you might say tykwer has done all that heaven allows , if you wanted to make as anti-kieslowski a pun as possible . suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled . 
train_neg551 complex , sinuously plotted and , somehow , off-puttingly cold . 
train_neg552 first-time writer-director dylan kidd also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people . 
train_neg553 goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab . 
train_neg554 in comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title . . . amounts to surprisingly little . 
train_neg555 slow , dry , poorly cast , but beautifully shot . 
train_neg556 will give many ministers and bible-study groups hours of material to discuss . but mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted . 
train_neg557 the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but . . . it's at least watchable . 
train_neg558 it's a boom-box of a movie that might have been titled 'the loud and the ludicrous' . . . the pandering to a moviegoing audience dominated by young males is all too calculated . 
train_neg559 when the fire burns out , we've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that's where the film ultimately fails . 
train_neg560 the elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat . 
train_neg561 anemic chronicle of money grubbing new yorkers and their serial loveless hook ups . 
train_neg562 simply doesn't have sufficient heft to justify its two-hour running time . 
train_neg563 an unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas . 
train_neg564 queen of the damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame . 
train_neg565 this toothless dog , already on cable , loses all bite on the big screen . 
train_neg566 it made me feel unclean , and i'm the guy who liked there's something about mary and both american pie movies . oh , and booty call . 
train_neg567 not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches . 
train_neg568 it's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence . 
train_neg569 serving sara should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it . 
train_neg570 director roger michell does so many of the little things right that it's difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff . 
train_neg571 a loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism 'urban drama . '
train_neg572 the movie has a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood , and it's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions . 
train_neg573 meyjes's movie , like max rothman's future , does not work . 
train_neg574 what's needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy . 
train_neg575 schneidermeister . . . makin' a fool of himself . . . losin' his fan base . . . 
train_neg576 an ambitious , serious film that manages to do virtually everything wrong ; sitting through it is something akin to an act of cinematic penance . 
train_neg577 not once does it come close to being exciting . 
train_neg578 it plays like a big-budget , after-school special with a generous cast , who at times lift the material from its well-meaning clunkiness . 
train_neg579 one of those strained caper movies that's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends . 
train_neg580 the ending doesn't work . . . but most of the movie works so well i'm almost recommending it , anyway -- maybe not to everybody , but certainly to people with a curiosity about how a movie can go very right , and then step wrong . 
train_neg581 i'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about . 
train_neg582 cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes . 
train_neg583 so brisk is wang's pacing that none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe . 
train_neg584 some elements of it really blow the big one , but other parts are decent . 
train_neg585 it is just too bad the film's story does not live up to its style . 
train_neg586 a cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial . 
train_neg587 for single digits kidlets stuart little 2 is still a no brainer . if you're looking to rekindle the magic of the first film , you'll need a stronger stomach than us . 
train_neg588 contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin . 
train_neg589 the movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads . 
train_neg590 a jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game plan at scripting , shooting or post-production stages . 
train_neg591 we hate [madonna] within the film's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground . 
train_neg592 two big things are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all . 
train_neg593 scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres graced with its company . 
train_neg594 apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap . 
train_neg595 the sinister inspiration that fuelled devito's early work is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless . 
train_neg596 despite auteuil's performance , it's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug . 
train_neg597 director boris von sychowski instead opts for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through . 
train_neg598  . . . little more than a well-acted television melodrama shot for the big screen . 
train_neg599 never comes together as a coherent whole . 
train_neg600 an unintentionally surreal kid's picture . . . in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode . 
train_neg601 don't even bother to rent this on video . 
train_neg602 this is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september . 
train_neg603 plays like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story . 
train_neg604 the film doesn't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences . 
train_neg605 a mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being . 
train_neg606 an average b-movie with no aspirations to be anything more . 
train_neg607 less worrying about covering all the drama in frida's life and more time spent exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie . 
train_neg608 a film that suffers because of its many excesses . 
train_neg609 too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient . 
train_neg610 in any case , i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995's forget paris . but even then , i'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes . 
train_neg611 the only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie . 
train_neg612  . . . stale and uninspired . 
train_neg613 a dreary movie . 
train_neg614  . . . the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank . 
train_neg615 it just didn't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on ( or be entertained by ) . 
train_neg616 mib ii is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything . that's because relatively nothing happens . 
train_neg617 no amount of arty theorizing -- the special effects are 'german-expressionist , ' according to the press notes -- can render it anything but laughable . 
train_neg618 blue crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling . 
train_neg619 boyd's screenplay ( co-written with guardian hack nick davies ) has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to guy ritchie than the bard of avon . 
train_neg620 jackson shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder . 
train_neg621 ruh-roh ! romething's really wrong with this ricture ! 
train_neg622 its salient points are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary . 
train_neg623 'god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves . '
train_neg624  . . . an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler . 
train_neg625 is it a comedy ? a drama ? a romance ? a cartoon ? 
train_neg626 has a customarily jovial air but a deficit of flim-flam inventiveness . 
train_neg627 eight legged freaks won't join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks that we have come to love . . . 
train_neg628 it gets the details of its time frame right but it completely misses its emotions . 
train_neg629 the only question . . . is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering . average , at best , i'm afraid . 
train_neg630 this movie feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment . 
train_neg631 overall , it's a pretty mediocre family film . 
train_neg632 in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry . 
train_neg633 the very definition of what critics have come to term an " ambitious failure . " 
train_neg634 it's as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese . 
train_neg635 worthy of the gong . 
train_neg636 i found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays . 
train_neg637 the soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit , eventually becomes too heavy for the plot . 
train_neg638 the movie doesn't add anything fresh to the myth . 
train_neg639 as inept as big-screen remakes of the avengers and the wild wild west . 
train_neg640 comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions . . . feel silly rather than plausible . 
train_neg641 moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured . 
train_neg642 once one experiences mr . haneke's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one's mouth , and little else . 
train_neg643 a chiller resolutely without chills . 
train_neg644 the director mostly plays it straight , turning leys' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder . 
train_neg645  " bad " is the operative word for " bad company , " and i don't mean that in a good way . 
train_neg646 though frida is easier to swallow than julie taymor's preposterous titus , the eye candy here lacks considerable brio . 
train_neg647 the whole movie is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well . 
train_neg648 the film affords us intriguing glimpses of the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry , but ram dass : fierce grace doesn't organize it with any particular insight . 
train_neg649 billy crystal and robert de niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse . 
train_neg650 merely ( and literally ) tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women's expense . 
train_neg651  . . . grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces . 
train_neg652 i wish windtalkers had had more faith in the dramatic potential of this true story . this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes . 
train_neg653 aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash . stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by dustin hoffman that is revelatory . 
train_neg654 none of the characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enough to build any interest . 
train_neg655 the whole film has this sneaky feel to it – as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product . 
train_neg656 there's a bit of thematic meat on the bones of queen of the damned , as its origins in an anne rice novel dictate , but generally , it's a movie that emphasizes style over character and substance . 
train_neg657 the only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers . 
train_neg658 this one is certainly well-meaning , but it's also simple-minded and contrived . 
train_neg659 coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else . 
train_neg660 the impulses that produced this project . . . are commendable , but the results are uneven . 
train_neg661 a well-acted movie that simply doesn't gel . 
train_neg662 there's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish . 
train_neg663 both the crime story and the love story are unusual . but they don't fit well together and neither is well told . 
train_neg664 it's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant . 
train_neg665 jaglom offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar . 
train_neg666 outside of burger's desire to make some kind of film , it's really unclear why this project was undertaken
train_neg667 a fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming . 
train_neg668 since lee is a sentimentalist , the film is more worshipful than your random e ! true hollywood story . 
train_neg669 wes craven's presence is felt ; not the craven of 'a nightmare on elm street' or 'the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of 'deadly friend . '
train_neg670 it's one long bore . 
train_neg671 it gets old quickly . watch barbershop again if you're in need of a cube fix--this isn't worth sitting through . 
train_neg672  . . . a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone . 
train_neg673 the movie is a desperate miscalculation . it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time . 
train_neg674 'men in black ii creates a new threat for the mib , but recycles the same premise . 
train_neg675 feels familiar and tired . 
train_neg676 a bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points . 
train_neg677 a story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material . 
train_neg678 it's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland . 
train_neg679 completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that i'm not sure could be a single iota worse . . . a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage . 
train_neg680 an uneven look into a grim future that doesn't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films based on philip k . dick stories . 
train_neg681 an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium . 
train_neg682 the only thing to fear about " fear dot com " is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film . 
train_neg683 it concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt . 
train_neg684 judd's characters ought to pick up the durable best seller smart women , foolish choices for advice . 
train_neg685 this ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it . 
train_neg686  . . . there's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise . 
train_neg687 it's impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard ( eileen walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant . 
train_neg688 …it wasn't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film…it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , " wait a second , did i miss something ? " ending . 
train_neg689 poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action . 
train_neg690 it's super- violent , super-serious and super-stupid . 
train_neg691 so earnest and well-meaning , and so stocked with talent , that you almost forget the sheer , ponderous awfulness of its script . 
train_neg692 just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite . 
train_neg693 the château would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera . not to mention a sharper , cleaner camera lens . 
train_neg694 morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he's taken one of the world's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating . 
train_neg695 granddad of le nouvelle vague , jean-luc godard continues to baffle the faithful with his games of hide-and-seek . 
train_neg696 this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience . 
train_neg697 it's better than the phantom menace . but unless you're an absolute raving star wars junkie , it isn't much fun . 
train_neg698 though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted . 
train_neg699 self-congratulatory , misguided , and ill-informed , if nonetheless compulsively watchable . 
train_neg700 what's missing is what we call the 'wow' factor . 
train_neg701 the nicest thing that can be said about stealing harvard ( which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog ) is that it's not as obnoxious as tom green's freddie got fingered . 
train_neg702  . . . tara reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i don't know what she's doing in here . . . 
train_neg703 normally , rohmer's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable . 
train_neg704 i highly recommend irwin , but not in the way this film showcases him . 
train_neg705 it's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but resident evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure . 
train_neg706 this picture is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer . 
train_neg707 malone does have a gift for generating nightmarish images that will be hard to burn out of your brain . but the movie's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure . 
train_neg708 a blair witch- style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast . 
train_neg709 diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance
train_neg710 it is too bad that this likable movie isn't more accomplished . the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward . 
train_neg711 the plot has a number of holes , and at times it's simply baffling . 
train_neg712 brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , deuces wild represents fifties teen-gang machismo in a way that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism . 
train_neg713  " what john does is heroic , but we don't condone it , " one of the film's stars recently said , a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the picture's moral schizophrenia . 
train_neg714 this is no " waterboy ! " 
train_neg715 its generic villains lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents ) and the action scenes are poorly delivered . 
train_neg716 dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material . 
train_neg717 hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like . . . but overall the halloween series has lost its edge . 
train_neg718 too many improbabilities and rose-colored situations temper what could've been an impacting film . 
train_neg719 generic slasher-movie nonsense , but it's not without style . 
train_neg720 with tiny little jokes and nary an original idea , this sappy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool . 
train_neg721 ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ? 
train_neg722 the best drug addition movies are usually depressing but rewarding . quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance . 
train_neg723 in the end , all you can do is admire the ensemble players and wonder what the point of it is . 
train_neg724 for most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence . 
train_neg725 something has been lost in the translation . . . another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise . 
train_neg726 tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident . 
train_neg727 as immaculate as stuart little 2 is , it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous . 
train_neg728 simply a re-hash of the other seven films . 
train_neg729 boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas . 
train_neg730 the comedy is nonexistent . 
train_neg731 it's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out 'amateur' in almost every frame . 
train_neg732 a bland animated sequel that hardly seems worth the effort . 
train_neg733 stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about . 
train_neg734 don't let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action . 
train_neg735 the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , never settles on a consistent tone . 
train_neg736 instead of panoramic sweep , kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story's emotional thrust . 
train_neg737 the director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in [the characters'] misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it . 
train_neg738 the movie doesn't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us . 
train_neg739  . . . will always be remembered for the 9-11 terrorist attacks . after seeing the film , i can tell you that there's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it . 
train_neg740 with minimal imagination , you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub . 
train_neg741 nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film . . . it's not even a tv special you'd bother watching past the second commercial break . 
train_neg742 you can see where big bad love is trying to go , but it never quite gets there . 
train_neg743 friday after next is the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans . 
train_neg744 the only thing " swept away " is the one hour and thirty-three minutes spent watching this waste of time . 
train_neg745 the corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption . 
train_neg746 as violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you've ever seen . 
train_neg747 believability wasn't one of the film's virtues . 
train_neg748 sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they'd need a shower . 
train_neg749 just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller . 
train_neg750 kung pow is oedekerk's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that . 
train_neg751 busy urban comedy is clearly not zhang's forte , his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy . 
train_neg752 a movie that can't get sufficient distance from leroy's delusions to escape their maudlin influence . 
train_neg753 it's young guns meets goodfellas in this easily skippable hayseeds-vs . -greaseballs mob action-comedy . 
train_neg754 louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother hoffman's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just doesn't make sense . 
train_neg755 the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short . 
train_neg756 can't get enough of libidinous young city dwellers ? try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes edward burns' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde . 
train_neg757 in the new guy , even the bull gets recycled . 
train_neg758 largely , this is a movie that also does it by the numbers . 
train_neg759 on top of a foundering performance , [madonna's] denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag . 
train_neg760 the result is an 'action film' mired in stasis . 
train_neg761 patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary . 
train_neg762 [stevens is] so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits . 
train_neg763 so boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it . 
train_neg764 hollywood ending is the most disappointing woody allen movie ever . he has a great cast and a great idea . but the execution is a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work . 
train_neg765  . . . generically , forgettably pleasant from start to finish . 
train_neg766 when not wallowing in its characters' frustrations , the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems . 
train_neg767 an overstylized , puréed mélange of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy . sometimes entertaining , sometimes indulgent -- but never less than pure wankery . 
train_neg768 ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills . ignore the reputation , and ignore the film . 
train_neg769 'it's painful to watch witherspoon's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama . '
train_neg770 trying to figure out the rules of the country bear universe -- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax einstein's brain . 
train_neg771 even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates , it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash . 
train_neg772 amidst the action , the script carries arnold ( and the viewers ) into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the " other side of the story . " 
train_neg773 rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue . 
train_neg774 it's a 100-year old mystery that is constantly being interrupted by elizabeth hurley in a bathing suit . 
train_neg775 ms . phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either esther's initial anomie or her eventual awakening . 
train_neg776 the movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man . 
train_neg777 extremely bad . 
train_neg778 a clichéd and shallow cautionary tale about the hard-partying lives of gay men . 
train_neg779 the fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier . 
train_neg780 a little weak -- and it isn't that funny . 
train_neg781 while it is welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion , lan yu never catches dramatic fire . 
train_neg782 despite the pyrotechnics , narc is strictly by the book . 
train_neg783 in both the writing and cutting , it does not achieve the kind of dramatic unity that transports you . you end up simply admiring this bit or that , this performance or that . 
train_neg784 cacoyannis is perhaps too effective in creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation and labored gentility . 
train_neg785 worth seeing once , but its charm quickly fades . 
train_neg786 the original wasn't a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece ! 
train_neg787 gere gives a good performance in a film that doesn't merit it . 
train_neg788 includes too much obvious padding . 
train_neg789 the only camouflage carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers . 
train_neg790 conforms itself with creating a game of 'who's who' . . . where the characters' moves are often more predictable than their consequences . 
train_neg791 looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito's way . 
train_neg792 the script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material . 
train_neg793 suffers from all the excesses of the genre . 
train_neg794 the latest adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year . 
train_neg795 downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message . 
train_neg796 it's harmless , diverting fluff . but it's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre . 
train_neg797 pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god in the fifth trek flick . 
train_neg798 a horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them stalked by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness . 
train_neg799 it's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt . 
train_neg800 'all in all , reign of fire will be a good ( successful ) rental . '
train_neg801 the predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing are the performances . 
train_neg802 i'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i don't see the point . it's a visual rorschach test and i must have failed . 
train_neg803 the film is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture . 
train_neg804 murder by numbers just doesn't add up . 
train_neg805 a pale xerox of other , better crime movies . 
train_neg806 the adventure doesn't contain half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2 . 
train_neg807 a mess . the screenplay does too much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen . 
train_neg808 the screenplay by james eric , james horton and director peter o'fallon . . . is so pat it makes your teeth hurt . 
train_neg809 before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , steven shainberg's adaptation of mary gaitskill's harrowing short story . . . is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience . 
train_neg810 solaris is rigid and evasive in ways that soderbergh's best films , " erin brockovich , " " out of sight " and " ocean's eleven , " never were . 
train_neg811 in the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes , director roger kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of . . . outrageous gags . 
train_neg812 the characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects . 
train_neg813 the real question this movie poses is not 'who ? ' but 'why ? '
train_neg814 now here's a sadistic bike flick that would have made vittorio de sica proud . 
train_neg815 a movie that's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it depicts . 
train_neg816 a movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'empowerment . '
train_neg817 occasionally interesting but essentially unpersuasive , a footnote to a still evolving story . 
train_neg818 if we're to slap protagonist genevieve leplouff because she's french , do we have that same option to slap her creators because they're clueless and inept ? 
train_neg819 moretti plays giovanni , a psychiatrist who predictably finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy . too predictably , in fact . 
train_neg820 alternative medicine obviously has its merits . . . but ayurveda does the field no favors . 
train_neg821 it follows the basic plot trajectory of nearly every schwarzenegger film : someone crosses arnie . arnie blows things up . 
train_neg822  . . . they missed the boat . 
train_neg823 affleck merely creates an outline for a role he still needs to grow into , a role that ford effortlessly filled with authority . 
train_neg824 cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude . it makes sense that he went back to school to check out the girls -- his film is a frat boy's idea of a good time . 
train_neg825 the narrative is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking mystery science theater 3000 guys . 
train_neg826 a living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange . the fact that it isn't very good is almost beside the point . 
train_neg827 what might have been acceptable on the printed page of iles' book does not translate well to the screen . 
train_neg828 if oscar had a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but wasn't , guys would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor . 
train_neg829 fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent . 
train_neg830 since the movie is based on a nicholas sparks best seller , you know death is lurking around the corner , just waiting to spoil things . 
train_neg831 bottom-rung new jack city wannabe . 
train_neg832 fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience . 
train_neg833 nicholas nickleby celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting dickensian decency that it turned me ( horrors ! ) into scrooge . 
train_neg834 fear dot com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds . 
train_neg835 may cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists . 
train_neg836 there are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations . where's the movie here ? 
train_neg837 a dark , dull thriller with a parting shot that misfires . 
train_neg838 cassavetes thinks he's making dog day afternoon with a cause , but all he's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon . 
train_neg839 buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled mr . chips off the old block . 
train_neg840 although sensitive to a fault , it's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken . 
train_neg841 it's so badly made on every level that i'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it . 
train_neg842 without non-stop techno or the existential overtones of a kieslowski morality tale , maelström is just another winter sleepers . 
train_neg843 nicks , seemingly uncertain what's going to make people laugh , runs the gamut from stale parody to raunchy sex gags to formula romantic comedy . 
train_neg844 'a' for creativity but comes across more as a sketch for a full-length comedy . 
train_neg845 i am sorry that i was unable to get the full brunt of the comedy . 
train_neg846 looks and feels like a project better suited for the small screen . 
train_neg847 in its best moments , resembles a bad high school production of grease , without benefit of song . 
train_neg848 indifferently implausible popcorn programmer of a movie . 
train_neg849 they should have called it gutterball . 
train_neg850 slick piece of cross-promotion . 
train_neg851 by turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious . 
train_neg852 villeneuve spends too much time wallowing in bibi's generic angst ( there are a lot of shots of her gazing out windows ) . 
train_neg853 [t]here's only so much anyone can do with a florid , overplotted , anne rice rock 'n' roll vampire novel before the built-in silliness of the whole affair defeats them . 
train_neg854 it's another video movie photographed like a film , with the bad lighting that's often written off as indie film naturalism . 
train_neg855 the techno tux is good for a few laughs , as are chan and hewitt , but when such a good design turns out to be a cheap knockoff , we can't recommend anything but a rental for the tuxedo . 
train_neg856 i got a headache watching this meaningless downer . 
train_neg857 detox is ultimately a pointless endeavor . 
train_neg858 the piquant story needs more dramatic meat on its bones . 
train_neg859 it's dumb , but more importantly , it's just not scary . 
train_neg860 there is no pleasure in watching a child suffer . just embarrassment and a vague sense of shame . 
train_neg861 the movie's accumulated force still feels like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach . but is that knot from dramatic tension or a symptom of artistic malnutrition ? 
train_neg862 even with a green mohawk and a sheet of fire-red flame tattoos covering his shoulder , however , kilmer seems to be posing , rather than acting . and that leaves a hole in the center of the salton sea . 
train_neg863 there's just no currency in deriding james bond for being a clichéd , doddering , misogynistic boy's club . 
train_neg864 full of witless jokes , dealing in broad stereotypes and outrageously unbelievable scenarios , and saddled with a general air of misogyny
train_neg865 the film's hackneyed message is not helped by the thin characterizations , nonexistent plot and pretentious visual style . 
train_neg866 this movie is maddening . it conveys a simple message in a visual style that is willfully overwrought . 
train_neg867 should have been someone else-
train_neg868 the film is based on truth and yet there is something about it that feels incomplete , as if the real story starts just around the corner . 
train_neg869 why make a documentary about these marginal historical figures ? wouldn't one about their famous dad , author of death in venice , etc . , be more valuable ? 
train_neg870 even in this less-than-magic kingdom , reese rules . 
train_neg871 because of an unnecessary and clumsy last scene , 'swimfan' left me with a very bad feeling . 
train_neg872 though moonlight mile is replete with acclaimed actors and actresses and tackles a subject that's potentially moving , the movie is too predictable and too self-conscious to reach a level of high drama . 
train_neg873 a movie that hovers somewhere between an acute character study and a trite power struggle . 
train_neg874 corpus collosum -- while undeniably interesting -- wore out its welcome well before the end credits rolled about 45 minutes in . 
train_neg875 it's hard to like a film about a guy who is utterly unlikeable , and shiner , starring michael caine as an aging british boxing promoter desperate for a taste of fame and fortune , is certainly that . 
train_neg876 a by-the-numbers effort that won't do much to enhance the franchise . 
train_neg877 involves two mysteries -- one it gives away and the other featuring such badly drawn characters that its outcome hardly matters . 
train_neg878 it appears that something has been lost in the translation to the screen . 
train_neg879 hey arnold ! the movie could have been made 40 years ago , and parents' appreciation of it may depend on whether they consider that a good thing . 
train_neg880 this one is definitely one to skip , even for horror movie fanatics . 
train_neg881 a working class " us vs . them " opera that leaves no heartstring untugged and no liberal cause unplundered . 
train_neg882 there are simply too many ideas floating around -- part farce , part sliding doors , part pop video -- and yet failing to exploit them . 
train_neg883 we haven't seen such hilarity since say it isn't so ! 
train_neg884 expect the same-old , lame-old slasher nonsense , just with different scenery . 
train_neg885 the ga-zillionth airhead movie about a wife in distress who resorts to desperate measures . 
train_neg886 zaidan's script has barely enough plot to string the stunts together and not quite enough characterization to keep the faces straight . 
train_neg887 just an average comedic dateflick but not a waste of time . 
train_neg888 a valueless kiddie paean to pro basketball underwritten by the nba . 
train_neg889 impostor has a handful of thrilling moments and a couple of good performances , but the movie doesn't quite fly . for starters , the story is just too slim . 
train_neg890 so much facile technique , such cute ideas , so little movie . 
train_neg891 the experience of going to a film festival is a rewarding one ; the experiencing of sampling one through this movie is not . 
train_neg892 the film takes the materials of human tragedy and dresses them in lovely costumes , southern california locations and star power . 
train_neg893 it has its moments of swaggering camaraderie , but more often just feels generic , derivative and done to death . 
train_neg894 it's sweet , harmless , dumb , occasionally funny and about as compelling as a fishing show . 
train_neg895 the moviegoing equivalent of going to a dinner party and being forced to watch the host and hostess's home video of their baby's birth . 
train_neg896 in the real world , an actor this uncharismatically beautiful would have a résumé loaded with credits like " girl in bar #3 . " 
train_neg897 too much of it feels unfocused and underdeveloped . 
train_neg898 hey arnold ! the movie is what happens when you blow up small potatoes to 10 times their natural size , and it ain't pretty . 
train_neg899 sometimes seems less like storytelling than something the otherwise compelling director needed to get off his chest . 
train_neg900 this is not the undisputed worst boxing movie ever , but it's certainly not a champion - the big loser is the audience . 
train_neg901 well-nigh unendurable . . . though the picture strains to become cinematic poetry , it remains depressingly prosaic and dull . 
train_neg902 this directorial debut from music video show-off higuchinsky is all flash . 
train_neg903 yes , ballistic is silly . unfortunately , it's not silly fun unless you enjoy really bad movies . 
train_neg904 the twist that ends the movie is the one with the most emotional resonance , but twists are getting irritating , and this is the kind of material where the filmmakers should be very careful about raising eyebrows . 
train_neg905 the longer the movie goes , the worse it gets , but it's actually pretty good in the first few minutes . 
train_neg906 while it's genuinely cool to hear characters talk about early rap records ( sugar hill gang , etc . ) , the constant referencing of hip-hop arcana can alienate even the savviest audiences . 
train_neg907 not only unfunny , but downright repellent . 
train_neg908 forced , familiar and thoroughly condescending . 
train_neg909 does little more than play an innocuous game of fill-in- the-blanks with a tragic past . 
train_neg910 k-19 exploits our substantial collective fear of nuclear holocaust to generate cheap hollywood tension . 
train_neg911 has a long and clunky ending . . . which forces the audience to fidget through ten pseudo-serious minutes while waiting for the ending credits and the deleted scenes montage to break the audience's awkward silence
train_neg912 whaley's determination to immerse you in sheer , unrelenting wretchedness is exhausting . 
train_neg913 the entire movie is about a boring , sad man being boring and sad . 
train_neg914 confirms the nagging suspicion that ethan hawke would be even worse behind the camera than he is in front of it . 
train_neg915 holden caulfield did it better . 
train_neg916 oh come on . like you couldn't smell this turkey rotting from miles away . 
train_neg917 if it's seldom boring , well , it's also rarely coherent . 
train_neg918 simplistic fluff-ball of whimsy . 
train_neg919 not exactly the bees knees
train_neg920 the kind of spectacularly misconceived enterprise that only a sophisticated cinephile could have perpetrated . 
train_neg921 the film contains no good jokes , no good scenes , barely a moment when carvey's saturday night live-honed mimicry rises above the level of embarrassment . 
train_neg922 jacquot's rendering of puccini's tale of devotion and double-cross is more than just a filmed opera . in his first stab at the form , jacquot takes a slightly anarchic approach that works only sporadically . 
train_neg923 chabrol has taken promising material for a black comedy and turned it instead into a somber chamber drama . 
train_neg924 in execution , this clever idea is far less funny than the original , killers from space . 
train_neg925 one of the more irritating cartoons you will see this , or any , year . 
train_neg926 a broad , melodramatic estrogen opera that's pretty toxic in its own right . 
train_neg927 too slow , too long and too little happens . 
train_neg928 the film's few ideas are stretched to the point of evaporation ; the whole central section is one big chase that seems to have no goal and no urgency . it's just filler . 
train_neg929 scores no points for originality , wit , or intelligence . it's a cookie-cutter movie , a cut-and-paste job . 
train_neg930 even on those rare occasions when the narrator stops yammering , miller's hand often feels unsure . 
train_neg931 from the opening scenes , it's clear that all about the benjamins is a totally formulaic movie . 
train_neg932 it takes a certain kind of horror movie to qualify as 'worse than expected , ' but ghost ship somehow manages to do exactly that . 
train_neg933 on the bright side , it contains jesse ventura's best work since the xfl . 
train_neg934 a tv style murder mystery with a few big screen moments ( including one that seems to be made for a different film altogether ) . 
train_neg935 by getting myself wrapped up in the visuals and eccentricities of many of the characters , i found myself confused when it came time to get to the heart of the movie . 
train_neg936 what's next ? the porky's revenge : ultimate edition ? 
train_neg937 dilbert without the right-on satiric humor . 
train_neg938 manages to show life in all of its banality when the intention is quite the opposite . 
train_neg939 do not see this film . 
train_neg940 minority report is exactly what the title indicates , a report . 
train_neg941 delivers the same old same old , tarted up with latin flava and turned out by hollywood playas . 
train_neg942 to call the other side of heaven " appalling " would be to underestimate just how dangerous entertainments like it can be . 
train_neg943 in exactly 89 minutes , most of which passed as slowly as if i'd been sitting naked on an igloo , formula 51 sank from quirky to jerky to utter turkey . 
train_neg944 i'd have to say the star and director are the big problems here . 
train_neg945 while the resident evil games may have set new standards for thrills , suspense , and gore for video games , the movie really only succeeds in the third of these . 
train_neg946 what the director can&#8217 ; t do is make either of val kilmer&#8217 ; s two personas interesting or worth caring about . 
train_neg947 it's difficult to imagine the process that produced such a script , but here's guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role . 
train_neg948 harland williams is so funny in drag he should consider permanent sex-reassignment . 
train_neg949 it's not that kung pow isn't funny some of the time -- it just isn't any funnier than bad martial arts movies are all by themselves , without all oedekerk's impish augmentation . 
train_neg950 not an objectionable or dull film ; it merely lacks everything except good intentions . 
train_neg951 a science-fiction pastiche so lacking in originality that if you stripped away its inspirations there would be precious little left . 
train_neg952 the words , 'frankly , my dear , i don't give a damn , ' have never been more appropriate . 
train_neg953 what's next : " my mother the car ? " 
train_neg954 all the amped-up tony hawk-style stunts and thrashing rap-metal can't disguise the fact that , really , we've been here , done that . 
train_neg955 a sequel that's much too big for its britches . 
train_neg956 so unremittingly awful that labeling it a dog probably constitutes cruelty to canines . 
train_neg957 a perplexing example of promise unfulfilled , despite many charming moments . 
train_neg958 a coarse and stupid gross-out . 
train_neg959 a nightmare date with a half-formed wit done a great disservice by a lack of critical distance and a sad trust in liberal arts college bumper sticker platitudes . 
train_neg960 doesn't offer much besides glib soullessness , raunchy language and a series of brutal set pieces . . . that raise the bar on stylized screen violence . 
train_neg961 it's one pussy-ass world when even killer-thrillers revolve around group therapy sessions . 
train_neg962 the stripped-down approach does give the film a certain timeless quality , but the measured pace and lack of dramatic inflection can also seem tedious . 
train_neg963 but the power of these [subjects] is obscured by the majority of the film that shows a stationary camera on a subject that could be mistaken for giving a public oration , rather than contributing to a film's narrative . 
train_neg964 rarely has so much money delivered so little entertainment . 
train_neg965 harrison's flowers puts its heart in the right place , but its brains are in no particular place at all . 
train_neg966 this re-do is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence that , ironically , it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against . 
train_neg967 a string of rehashed sight gags based in insipid vulgarity . 
train_neg968 the movie is dawn of the dead crossed with john carpenter's ghosts of mars , with zombies not as ghoulish as the first and trains not as big as the second . 
train_neg969 too restrained to be a freak show , too mercenary and obvious to be cerebral , too dull and pretentious to be engaging . . . the isle defies an easy categorization . 
train_neg970 a morose little soap opera about three vapid , insensitive people who take turns hurting each other . it's a feature-length adaptation of one of those " can this marriage be saved ? " columns from ladies home journal . . . 
train_neg971 the film's essentially over by the meet-cute . 
train_neg972 i'm sure if you're a hartley fan , you might enjoy yourself . . . me , i didn't care for it . 
train_neg973 it's about following your dreams , no matter what your parents think . socrates motions for hemlock . 
train_neg974 the script isn't very good ; not even someone as gifted as hoffman ( the actor ) can make it work . 
train_neg975 walter hill's pulpy , stylized boxing melodrama undisputed nearly overcomes its questionable in-the-ring match-up with solid fight choreography and gritty prison authenticity . 
train_neg976 it has all the excitement of eating oatmeal . 
train_neg977 it's hard to know whether or not to recommend this film because for every thing it does right there's at least one and occasionally two things it gets ever so wrong . 
train_neg978 although there are several truly jolting scares , there's also an abundance of hackneyed dialogue and more silly satanic business than you can shake a severed limb at . 
train_neg979 star trek : nemesis meekly goes where nearly every star trek movie has gone before . wince-inducing dialogue , thrift-shop costumes , prosthetic makeup by silly putty and kmart blue-light-special effects all conspire to test trekkie loyalty . 
train_neg980 like all abstract art , the film does not make this statement in an easily accessible way , and -- unless prewarned -- it would be very possible for a reasonably intelligent person to sit through its tidal wave of imagery and not get this vision at all . 
train_neg981 i don't mind having my heartstrings pulled , but don't treat me like a fool . 
train_neg982  . . . although this idea is " new " the results are tired . 
train_neg983 i'm guessing the director is a magician . after all , he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long . 
train_neg984 an unencouraging threefold expansion on the former mtv series , accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc . 
train_neg985 the script is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish . 
train_neg986 its well of thorn and vinegar ( and simple humanity ) has long been plundered by similar works featuring the insight and punch this picture so conspicuously lacks . 
train_neg987 not since freddy got fingered has a major release been so painful to sit through . 
train_neg988 the documentary does little , apart from raising the topic , to further stoke the conversation . 
train_neg989 plays like a volatile and overlong w magazine fashion spread . 
train_neg990 a better title , for all concerned , might be swept under the rug . 
train_neg991 feels too formulaic and too familiar to produce the transgressive thrills of early underground work . 
train_neg992 given how heavy-handed and portent-heavy it is , this could be the worst thing soderbergh has ever done . 
train_neg993 a by-the-numbers patient/doctor pic that covers all the usual ground
train_neg994 stealing harvard aspires to comedic grand larceny but stands convicted of nothing more than petty theft of your time . 
train_neg995 with the exception of some fleetingly amusing improvisations by cedric the entertainer as perry's boss , there isn't a redeeming moment here . 
train_neg996 it's a grab bag of genres that don't add up to a whole lot of sense . 
train_neg997 [director] o'fallon manages to put some lovely pictures up on the big screen , but his skill at telling a story -- he also contributed to the screenplay -- falls short . 
train_neg998 the intent is almost exactly the same [as the full monty] . all that's missing is the spontaneity , originality and delight . 
train_neg999 no one but a convict guilty of some truly heinous crime should have to sit through the master of disguise . 
train_neg1000 even the finest chef can't make a hotdog into anything more than a hotdog , and robert de niro can't make this movie anything more than a trashy cop buddy comedy . 
train_neg1001 miller is playing so free with emotions , and the fact that children are hostages to fortune , that he makes the audience hostage to his swaggering affectation of seriousness . 
train_neg1002 characters still need to function according to some set of believable and comprehensible impulses , no matter how many drugs they do or how much artistic license avary employs . 
train_neg1003 comes . . . uncomfortably close to coasting in the treads of the bicycle thief . 
train_neg1004 stealing harvard is evidence that the farrelly bros . -- peter and bobby -- and their brand of screen comedy are wheezing to an end , along with green's half-hearted movie career . 
train_neg1005 there seems to be no clear path as to where the story's going , or how long it's going to take to get there . 
train_neg1006 if you're a wwf fan , or you related to the people who watched the robots getting butchered in a . i . , you'll probably like rollerball . 
train_neg1007 slapstick buffoonery can tickle many a preschooler's fancy , but when it costs a family of four about $40 to see a film in theaters , why spend money on a dog like this when you can rent a pedigree instead ? 
train_neg1008 my reaction in a word : disappointment . his last movie was poetically romantic and full of indelible images , but his latest has nothing going for it . 
train_neg1009 feels haphazard , as if the writers mistakenly thought they could achieve an air of frantic spontaneity by simply tossing in lots of characters doing silly stuff and stirring the pot . 
train_neg1010 in its own way , joshua is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film without the latter's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius . 
train_neg1011 i've always dreamed of attending cannes , but after seeing this film , it's not that big a deal . 
train_neg1012 the vintage is pure '87 , with a halfhearted twist on its cautionary message : fatal attraction = don't have an affair with a nutjob ; unfaithful = don't if you're married to one . 
train_neg1013 a workshop mentality prevails . 
train_neg1014 it cannot be enjoyed , even on the level that one enjoys a bad slasher flick , primarily because it is dull . yes , dull . 
train_neg1015 director uwe boll and the actors provide scant reason to care in this crude '70s throwback . 
train_neg1016 it's mighty tedious for the viewer who has to contend with unpleasant characters , hit-and-miss performances and awkwardly staged scenes . 
train_neg1017 as a rumor of angels reveals itself to be a sudsy tub of supernatural hokum , not even ms . redgrave's noblest efforts can redeem it from hopeless sentimentality . 
train_neg1018 the humor is forced and heavy-handed , and occasionally simply unpleasant . 
train_neg1019 scorsese at his best makes gangster films that are equally lovely but also relentlessly brutal and brutally intelligent ; perdition , meanwhile , reads more like driving miss daisy than goodfellas . 
train_neg1020 while the script starts promisingly , it loses steam towards the middle and never really develops beyond attacking obvious target . 
train_neg1021 this isn't even madonna's swept away . this is her blue lagoon . 
train_neg1022 burns never really harnesses to full effect the energetic cast . 
train_neg1023 an overemphatic , would-be wacky , ultimately tedious sex farce . 
train_neg1024 has all the depth of a wading pool . 
train_neg1025  . . . the movie is just a plain old monster . 
train_neg1026 if this disposable tissue has one wild card , it's john turturro , who's simply fab as a spanish butler with a foot fetish . 
train_neg1027 one long string of cliches . 
train_neg1028 a noble failure . 
train_neg1029 fancy a real downer ? [leigh] lays it on so thick this time that it feels like a suicide race . 
train_neg1030 at once half-baked and overheated . 
train_neg1031 i still can't relate to stuart : he's a mouse , for cryin' out loud , and all he does is milk it with despondent eyes and whine that nobody treats him human enough . 
train_neg1032 by the miserable standards to which the slasher genre has sunk , . . . actually pretty good . of course , by more objective measurements it's still quite bad . 
train_neg1033 its story may be a thousand years old , but why did it have to seem like it took another thousand to tell it to us ? 
train_neg1034 woefully pretentious . 
train_neg1035 a momentary escape from the summer heat and the sedentary doldrums that set in at this time of year . 
train_neg1036  . . . irritating soul-searching garbage . 
train_neg1037 it's a bad thing when a movie has about as much substance as its end credits blooper reel . 
train_neg1038 with its dogged hollywood naturalism and the inexorable passage of its characters toward sainthood , windtalkers is nothing but a sticky-sweet soap . 
train_neg1039 a relative letdown . 
train_neg1040 better to just call it abc kiarostami . for aids and africa are nothing more than part of the scenery . 
train_neg1041 manages to be somewhat well-acted , not badly art-directed and utterly unengaging no matter how hard it tries to be thrilling , touching or , yikes , uproarious . 
train_neg1042 warmed-over hash . 
train_neg1043 this rather superficial arthouse middle-brow film knows how to please a crowd , and that's about all it does well . 
train_neg1044 as vulgar as it is banal . 
train_neg1045 a puzzling experience . 
train_neg1046 the film's tone and pacing are off almost from the get-go . 
train_neg1047 tambor and clayburgh make an appealing couple — he's understated and sardonic , she's appealingly manic and energetic . both deserve better . 
train_neg1048 suffocated by its fussy script and uptight characters , this musty adaptation is all the more annoying since it's been packaged and sold back to us by hollywood . 
train_neg1049 a wildly inconsistent emotional experience . 
train_neg1050 sit through this one , and you won't need a magic watch to stop time ; your dvd player will do it for you . 
train_neg1051 a sometimes tedious film . 
train_neg1052 teen movies have really hit the skids . 
train_neg1053 there are plot holes big enough for shamu the killer whale to swim through . 
train_neg1054  . . . plays like somebody spliced random moments of a chris rock routine into what is otherwise a cliche-riddled but self-serious spy thriller . 
train_neg1055 what is 100% missing here is a script of even the most elemental literacy , an inkling of genuine wit , and anything resembling acting . 
train_neg1056 does paint some memorable images . . . , but makhmalbaf keeps her distance from the characters
train_neg1057 just not campy enough
train_neg1058 it's everything you don't go to the movies for . 
train_neg1059 like watching a dress rehearsal the week before the show goes up : everything's in place but something's just a little off-kilter . 
train_neg1060 for all its technical virtuosity , the film is so mired in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy that it's enough to make one pine for the day when godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking . 
train_neg1061 american chai encourages rueful laughter at stereotypes only an indian-american would recognize . and the lesson , in the end , is nothing new . 
train_neg1062 due to some script weaknesses and the casting of the director's brother , the film trails off into inconsequentiality . 
train_neg1063  . . . plot holes so large and obvious a marching band might as well be stomping through them in clown clothes , playing a college football fight song on untuned instruments . 
train_neg1064 so devoid of any kind of intelligible story that it makes films like xxx and collateral damage seem like thoughtful treatises
train_neg1065 combining quick-cut editing and a blaring heavy metal much of the time , beck seems to be under the illusion that he's shooting the latest system of a down video . 
train_neg1066 dragonfly has no atmosphere , no tension -- nothing but costner , flailing away . it's a buggy drag . 
train_neg1067 the action switches between past and present , but the material link is too tenuous to anchor the emotional connections that purport to span a 125-year divide . 
train_neg1068 nonsensical , dull " cyber-horror " flick is a grim , hollow exercise in flat scares and bad acting . 
train_neg1069 manages to be both repulsively sadistic and mundane . 
train_neg1070 a great ensemble cast can't lift this heartfelt enterprise out of the familiar . 
train_neg1071 there ought to be a directing license , so that ed burns can have his revoked . 
train_neg1072 whereas last year's exemplary sexy beast seemed to revitalize the british gangster movie , this equally brutal outing merely sustains it . 
train_neg1073 i can take infantile humor . . . but this is the sort of infantile that makes you wonder about changing the director and writer's diapers . 
train_neg1074 there isn't nearly enough fun here , despite the presence of some appealing ingredients . 
train_neg1075 the tale of tok ( andy lau ) , a sleek sociopath on the trail of o ( takashi sorimachi ) , the most legendary of asian hitmen , is too scattershot to take hold . 
train_neg1076 directed in a paint-by-numbers manner . 
train_neg1077 a lackluster , unessential sequel to the classic disney adaptation of j . m . barrie's peter pan . 
train_neg1078  . . . routine , harmless diversion and little else . 
train_neg1079 late marriage's stiffness is unlikely to demonstrate the emotional clout to sweep u . s . viewers off their feet . 
train_neg1080 while there's something intrinsically funny about sir anthony hopkins saying 'get in the car , bitch , ' this jerry bruckheimer production has little else to offer
train_neg1081 there is very little dread or apprehension , and though i like the creepy ideas , they are not executed with anything more than perfunctory skill . 
train_neg1082 adults will wish the movie were less simplistic , obvious , clumsily plotted and shallowly characterized . but what are adults doing in the theater at all ? 
train_neg1083 sticky sweet sentimentality , clumsy plotting and a rosily myopic view of life in the wwii-era mississippi delta undermine this adaptation . 
train_neg1084 it's another stale , kill-by-numbers flick , complete with blade-thin characters and terrible , pun-laden dialogue . 
train_neg1085 portentous and pretentious , the weight of water is appropriately titled , given the heavy-handedness of it drama . 
train_neg1086 as 'chick flicks' go , this one is pretty miserable , resorting to string-pulling rather than legitimate character development and intelligent plotting . 
train_neg1087 the only excitement comes when the credits finally roll and you get to leave the theater . 
train_neg1088 it can't decide if it wants to be a mystery/thriller , a romance or a comedy . 
train_neg1089 denis o'neill's script avoids the prime sports cliche , a last-second goal to win the championship , but it neglects few others . 
train_neg1090 the most hopelessly monotonous film of the year , noteworthy only for the gimmick of being filmed as a single unbroken 87-minute take . 
train_neg1091 stale , futile scenario . 
train_neg1092 like the chelsea's denizens . . . burdette's collage-form scenario tends to over-romanticize the spiritual desolation of the struggling artiste . 
train_neg1093 another in-your-face wallow in the lower depths made by people who have never sung those blues . 
train_neg1094 shaky close-ups of turkey-on-rolls , stubbly chins , liver spots , red noses and the filmmakers new bobbed do draw easy chuckles but lead nowhere . 
train_neg1095 complete lack of originality , cleverness or even visible effort
train_neg1096 though perry and hurley make inspiring efforts to breathe life into the disjointed , haphazard script by jay scherick and david ronn , neither the actors nor director reginald hudlin can make it more than fitfully entertaining . 
train_neg1097 it takes talent to make a lifeless movie about the most heinous man who ever lived . 
train_neg1098 on the whole , the movie lacks wit , feeling and believability to compensate for its incessant coarseness and banality . 
train_neg1099 makes for a pretty unpleasant viewing experience . 
train_neg1100 the movie fails to live up to the sum of its parts . 
train_neg1101 although huppert's intensity and focus has a raw exhilaration about it , the piano teacher is anything but fun . 
train_neg1102 it showcases carvey's talent for voices , but not nearly enough and not without taxing every drop of one's patience to get to the good stuff . 
train_neg1103 bad . very bad . stultifyingly , dumbfoundingly , mind-numbingly bad . 
train_neg1104 may reawaken discussion of the kennedy assassination but this fictional film looks made for cable rather than for the big screen . 
train_neg1105 if looking for a thrilling sci-fi cinematic ride , don't settle for this imposter . 
train_neg1106 the result is a gaudy bag of stale candy , something from a halloween that died . 
train_neg1107 davis . . . is so enamored of her own creation that she can't see how insufferable the character is . 
train_neg1108 long time dead ? not nearly long enough . 
train_neg1109 there's not enough here to justify the almost two hours . 
train_neg1110 perceptive in its vision of nascent industrialized world politics as a new art form , but far too clunky , didactic and saddled with scenes that seem simply an ill fit for this movie . 
train_neg1111 verbinski implements every hack-artist trick to give us the ooky-spookies . 
train_neg1112 skins has a right to yawp , and we have a right to our grains of salt . 
train_neg1113 trite , banal , cliched , mostly inoffensive . 
train_neg1114 it's not original , and , robbed of the element of surprise , it doesn't have any huge laughs in its story of irresponsible cops who love to play pranks . 
train_neg1115 it offers little beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment . 
train_neg1116 nothing in waking up in reno ever inspired me to think of its inhabitants as anything more than markers in a screenplay . 
train_neg1117 i'm just too bored to care . 
train_neg1118 irwin is a man with enough charisma and audacity to carry a dozen films , but this particular result is ultimately held back from being something greater . 
train_neg1119 as befits its title , this pg-13-rated piffle is ultimately as threatening as the snuggle fabric softener bear . 
train_neg1120 attempts by this ensemble film to impart a message are so heavy-handed that they instead pummel the audience . 
train_neg1121 this is so bad . 
train_neg1122 even film silliness needs a little gravity , beyond good hair and humping . 
train_neg1123 prurient playthings aside , there's little to love about this english trifle . 
train_neg1124 it's played in the most straight-faced fashion , with little humor to lighten things up . the heavy-handed film is almost laughable as a consequence . 
train_neg1125 a disappointment for those who love alternate versions of the bard , particularly ones that involve deep fryers and hamburgers . 
train_neg1126 the film tries too hard to be funny and tries too hard to be hip . the end result is a film that's neither . 
train_neg1127 however it may please those who love movies that blare with pop songs , young science fiction fans will stomp away in disgust . 
train_neg1128 the humor isn't as sharp , the effects not as innovative , nor the story as imaginative as in the original . but it could have been worse . 
train_neg1129 some of their jokes work , but most fail miserably and in the end , pumpkin is far more offensive than it is funny . 
train_neg1130 it seems to me the film is about the art of ripping people off without ever letting them consciously know you have done so
train_neg1131 the title not only describes its main characters , but the lazy people behind the camera as well . 
train_neg1132 sometimes it feels as if it might have been made in the '70s or '80s , and starred chevy chase and goldie hawn . 
train_neg1133 demands too much of most viewers . 
train_neg1134 it should be mentioned that the set design and interiors of the haunted vessel are more than effectively creepy and moodily lit . so i just did . 
train_neg1135 shamelessly sappy and , worse , runs away from its own provocative theme . 
train_neg1136 aggravating and tedious . 
train_neg1137 for anyone who grew up on disney's 1950 treasure island , or remembers the 1934 victor fleming classic , this one feels like an impostor . 
train_neg1138 meandering , sub-aquatic mess : it's so bad it's good , but only if you slide in on a freebie . 
train_neg1139 the ending is a cop-out . what happens to john q ? i don't have an i am sam clue . 
train_neg1140 has the feel of an unedited personal journal . 
train_neg1141 cry havoc and let slip the dogs of cheese , indeed . 
train_neg1142 this charmless nonsense ensues amid clanging film references that make jay and silent bob's excellent adventure seem understated . 
train_neg1143  . . . hudlin is stuck trying to light a fire with soggy leaves . 
train_neg1144 the overall effect is so completely inane that one would have to be mighty bored to even think of staying with this for more than , say , ten . . . make that three minutes . 
train_neg1145 most of the supporting characters in eastwood films are weak , as are most of the subplots . this one's weaker than most . 
train_neg1146 there's no real reason to see it , and no real reason not to . 
train_neg1147 the film takes too long getting to the good stuff , then takes too long figuring out what to do next . 
train_neg1148 the actors don't inhabit their roles -- they're trapped by them , forced to change behavior in bizarre unjustified fashion and spout dialog that consists mostly of platitudes . 
train_neg1149 an often-deadly boring , strange reading of a classic whose witty dialogue is treated with a baffling casual approach
train_neg1150 consists of a plot and jokes done too often by people far more talented than ali g
train_neg1151 moderately involving despite bargain-basement photography and hackneyed romance . 
train_neg1152 tadpole is emblematic of the witless ageism afflicting films : young is cool , and too young is too cool . 
train_neg1153 uncertain in tone . . . a garbled exercise in sexual politics , a junior varsity short cuts by way of very bad things . 
train_neg1154 all's well that ends well , and rest assured , the consciousness-raising lessons are cloaked in gross-out gags . 
train_neg1155 if you think that jennifer lopez has shown poor judgment in planning to marry ben affleck , wait till you see maid in manhattan . 
train_neg1156 stars matthew perry and elizabeth hurley illicit more than a chuckle , and more jokes land than crash , but ultimately serving sara doesn't distinguish itself from the herd . 
train_neg1157 culkin exudes none of the charm or charisma that might keep a more general audience even vaguely interested in his bratty character . 
train_neg1158 in the end , ted bundy's only justification is the director's common but unexplored fascination with the frustrated maniac ; there's no larger point , and little social context . 
train_neg1159 a movie that , rather than skip along the seine , more or less slogs its way through soggy paris , tongue uncomfortably in cheek . 
train_neg1160 shot perhaps 'artistically' with handheld cameras and apparently no movie lights by joaquin baca-asay , the low-budget production swings annoyingly between vertigo and opacity . 
train_neg1161 imagine a really bad community theater production of west side story without the songs . 
train_neg1162 the worst kind of independent ; the one where actors play dress down hicks and ponderously mope around trying to strike lightning as captured by their 1970s predecessors
train_neg1163 it may be a prize winner , but teacher is a bomb . 
train_neg1164 it's got its heart in the right place , but it also wilts after awhile . 
train_neg1165 well , it does go on forever . 
train_neg1166 this overproduced and generally disappointing effort isn't likely to rouse the rush hour crowd . 
train_neg1167 equal parts bodice-ripper and plodding costume drama . 
train_neg1168 a 93-minute condensation of a 26-episode tv series , with all of the pitfalls of such you'd expect . 
train_neg1169 guillen rarely gets beneath the surface of things . she lists ingredients , but never mixes and stirs . 
train_neg1170 to imagine the life of harry potter as a martial arts adventure told by a lobotomized woody allen is to have some idea of the fate that lies in store for moviegoers lured to the mediocrity that is kung pow : enter the fist . 
train_neg1171 it delivers some chills and sustained unease , but flounders in its quest for deeper meaning . 
train_neg1172 credibility levels are low and character development a non-starter . 
train_neg1173 i would have preferred a transfer down the hall to mr . holland's class for the music , or to robin williams's lecture so i could listen to a teacher with humor , passion , and verve . 
train_neg1174 for the most part , the ingredients are there . but an unwillingness to explore beyond the surfaces of her characters prevents nettelbeck's film from coming together . 
train_neg1175 an earnest , heartrending look at the divide between religious fundamentalists and their gay relatives . it's also heavy-handed and devotes too much time to bigoted views . 
train_neg1176 a mawkish , implausible platonic romance that makes chaplin's city lights seem dispassionate by comparison . 
train_neg1177 it's a film that hinges on its casting , and glover really doesn't fit the part . 
train_neg1178 arguably the year's silliest and most incoherent movie . 
train_neg1179 anyway , for one reason or another , crush turns into a dire drama partway through . after that , it just gets stupid and maudlin . too bad , but thanks to some lovely comedic moments and several fine performances , it's not a total loss . 
train_neg1180 a mixed bag of a comedy that can't really be described as out of this world . 
train_neg1181 if it's another regurgitated action movie you're after , there's no better film than half past dead . 
train_neg1182 this is junk food cinema at its greasiest . 
train_neg1183 when it's all wet , blue crush is highly enjoyable . when it's on dry land , though , this surfer-girl melodrama starts gasping like a beached grouper . 
train_neg1184 the story is naturally poignant , but first-time screenwriter paul pender overloads it with sugary bits of business . 
train_neg1185 the charms of willful eccentricity , at least as evidenced by this latest cinematic essay , are beginning to wear a bit thin . 
train_neg1186 instead of accurately accounting a terrible true story , the film's more determined to become the next texas chainsaw massacre . but what about the countless other people who'd merely like to watch a solid tale about a universally interesting soul ? 
train_neg1187 the character is too forced and overwritten to be funny or believable much of the time , and clayburgh doesn't always improve the over-the-top mix . 
train_neg1188 the movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical . what's worse is that pelosi knows it . 
train_neg1189  . . . instead go rent " shakes the clown " , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance . 
train_neg1190 it's the kind of movie that ends up festooning u . s . art house screens for no reason other than the fact that it's in french ( well , mostly ) with english subtitles and is magically 'significant' because of that . 
train_neg1191 this miserable excuse of a movie runs on empty , believing flatbush machismo will get it through . 
train_neg1192 expect to be reminded of other , better films , especially seven , which director william malone slavishly copies . 
train_neg1193 nair stuffs the film with dancing , henna , ornamentation , and group song , but her narrative clichés and telegraphed episodes smell of old soap opera . 
train_neg1194 it's getting harder and harder to ignore the fact that hollywood isn't laughing with us , folks . it's laughing at us . 
train_neg1195 might have been better off as a documentary , with less of mr . eyre's uninspired dramatics and more of his sense of observation and outrage . 
train_neg1196 every good actor needs to do his or her own hamlet . for benigni it wasn't shakespeare whom he wanted to define his career with but pinocchio . it might as well have been problem child iv . 
train_neg1197 arnold's jump from little screen to big will leave frowns on more than a few faces . 
train_neg1198 both awful and appealing . 
train_neg1199 the lack of opposing viewpoints soon grows tiresome -- the film feels more like a series of toasts at a testimonial dinner than a documentary . 
train_neg1200 nothing plot-wise is worth e-mailing home about . 
train_neg1201 we are left with a superficial snapshot that , however engaging , is insufficiently enlightening and inviting . 
train_neg1202 helmer devito . . . attempts to do too many things in this story about ethics , payola , vice , murder , kids' tv and revenge . 
train_neg1203 i hated every minute of it . 
train_neg1204 a simple , sometimes maddeningly slow film that has just enough charm and good acting to make it interesting , but is ultimately pulled under by the pacing and lack of creativity within . 
train_neg1205 if this is an example of the type of project that robert redford's lab is willing to lend its imprimatur to , then perhaps it's time to rethink independent films . 
train_neg1206 not so much funny as aggressively sitcom-cute , it's full of throwaway one-liners , not-quite jokes , and a determined tv amiability that allen personifies . 
train_neg1207 it's not that waiting for happiness is a bad film , because it isn't . it's just incredibly dull . 
train_neg1208 the sad thing about knockaround guys is its lame aspiration for grasping the coolness vibes when in fact the film isn't as flippant or slick as it thinks it is . 
train_neg1209 a cumbersome and cliche-ridden movie greased with every emotional device known to man . 
train_neg1210 director ferzan ozpetek creates an interesting dynamic with the members of this group , who live in the same apartment building . but he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person . 
train_neg1211 egoyan's movie is too complicated to sustain involvement , and , if you'll excuse a little critical heresy , too intellectually ambitious . 
train_neg1212 it wants to be thought of as a subversive little indie film , but it has all the qualities of a modern situation comedy . 
train_neg1213 despite apparent motives to the contrary , it ends up being , like [seinfeld's] revered tv show , about pretty much nothing . 
train_neg1214 shadyac shoots his film like an m . night shyamalan movie , and he frequently maintains the same snail's pace ; he just forgot to add any genuine tension . 
train_neg1215 there are a few laughs and clever sight gags scattered about , but not enough to make this anything more than another big-budget bust . 
train_neg1216 the story's so preposterous that i didn't believe it for a second , despite the best efforts of everyone involved . 
train_neg1217 i've heard that the fans of the first men in black have come away hating the second one . i wonder why . they felt like the same movie to me . 
train_neg1218 an ultra-low-budget indie debut that smacks more of good intentions than talent . 
train_neg1219 de niro and mcdormand give solid performances , but their screen time is sabotaged by the story's inability to create interest . 
train_neg1220 that is essentially what's missing from blackboards -- the sense of something bigger , some ultimate point . 
train_neg1221 the story is familiar from its many predecessors ; like them , it eventually culminates in the not-exactly -stunning insight that crime doesn't pay . 
train_neg1222 you'll have more fun setting fire to yourself in the parking lot . you'll be more entertained getting hit by a bus . 
train_neg1223 dissing a bond movie is quite like calling a dog stupid , but when it has the temerity to run over two hours , you feel like winding up with a kick . 
train_neg1224 flat , but with a revelatory performance by michelle williams . 
train_neg1225 the film goes from being an unusual sci-fi character study to a chase flick that detracts from its ending . 
train_neg1226 verbinski substitutes atmosphere for action , tedium for thrills . 
train_neg1227 the sum of all fears is almost impossible to follow -- and there's something cringe-inducing about seeing an american football stadium nuked as pop entertainment . 
train_neg1228 the title trapped turns out to be a pretty fair description of how you feel while you're watching this ultra-manipulative thriller . 
train_neg1229 the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet . 
train_neg1230 ihops don't pile on this much syrup . 
train_neg1231 for the most part , i spy was an amusing lark that will probably rank as one of murphy's better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies . 
train_neg1232 focuses on joan's raging hormones and sledgehammers the audience with spanish inquisitions about her " madness " so much that i became mad that i wasted 123 minutes and $9 . 50 on this 21st century torture device . 
train_neg1233 with a story as bizarre and mysterious as this , you don't want to be worrying about whether the ineffectual broomfield is going to have the courage to knock on that door . 
train_neg1234 the filmmakers juggle and juxtapose three story lines but fail to come up with one cogent point , unless it's that life stinks , especially for sensitive married women who really love other women . 
train_neg1235 the movie feels like it's going to be great , and it carries on feeling that way for a long time , but takeoff just never happens . 
train_neg1236 a gimmick in search of a movie : how to get carvey into as many silly costumes and deliver as many silly voices as possible , plot mechanics be damned . 
train_neg1237  . . . the last time i saw a theater full of people constantly checking their watches was during my sats . 
train_neg1238 it's tough , astringent , darkly funny and . . . well , it's also generic , untidy , condescending and mild of impact rather than stunning . 
train_neg1239 largely a for-fans artifact . 
train_neg1240 characters wander into predictably treacherous situations even though they should know better . 
train_neg1241 first-time director joão pedro rodrigues' unwillingness to define his hero's background or motivations becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on . 
train_neg1242 an afterschool special without the courage of its convictions . 
train_neg1243 so few movies explore religion that it's disappointing to see one reduce it to an idea that fits in a sampler . 
train_neg1244 it's also clear from the start that the transporter is running purely on adrenaline , and once the initial high wears off , the film's shortcomings start to shine through . 
train_neg1245 watching it is rather like viewing a long soap opera in which only the first episode was any good . 
train_neg1246 there are touching moments in etoiles , but for the most part this is a dull , dour documentary on what ought to be a joyful or at least fascinating subject . 
train_neg1247 i didn't laugh at the ongoing efforts of cube , and his skinny buddy mike epps , to make like laurel and hardy 'n the hood . 
train_neg1248 the film would work much better as a video installation in a museum , where viewers would be free to leave . immediately . 
train_neg1249 [it's] a prison soccer movie starring charismatic tough guy vinnie jones , but it had too much spitting for me to enjoy . 
train_neg1250 the thriller side of this movie is falling flat , as the stalker doesn't do much stalking , and no cop or lawyer grasps the concept of actually investigating the case . 
train_neg1251 the film might have been more satisfying if it had , in fact , been fleshed out a little more instead of going for easy smiles . 
train_neg1252 pretentious editing ruins a potentially terrific flick . 
train_neg1253 not every animated film from disney will become a classic , but forgive me if i've come to expect more from this studio than some 79-minute after-school " cartoon " . 
train_neg1254 do not , under any circumstances , consider taking a child younger than middle school age to this wallow in crude humor . 
train_neg1255 this is really just another genre picture . 
train_neg1256 each story on its own could have been expanded and worked into a compelling single feature , but in its current incarnation , storytelling never quite gets over its rather lopsided conception . 
train_neg1257 neither funny nor suspenseful nor particularly well-drawn . 
train_neg1258 'carente de imaginación , mal dirigida , peor actuada y sin un ápice de romance , es una verdadera pérdida de tiempo y dinero'
train_neg1259 acting , particularly by tambor , almost makes " never again " worthwhile , but [writer/director] schaeffer should follow his titular advice
train_neg1260 both stars manage to be funny , but , like the recent i spy , the star chemistry begs the question of whether random gags add up to a movie . 
train_neg1261 'enigma' is a good name for a movie this delibrately obtuse and unapproachable . a waste of good performances . 
train_neg1262 as conceived by mr . schaeffer , christopher and grace are little more than collections of quirky traits lifted from a screenwriter's outline and thrown at actors charged with the impossible task of making them jell . 
train_neg1263 like so many other allegedly scary movies , it gets so tangled up in the twist that it chokes the energy right out of the very audience it seeks to frighten . 
train_neg1264 the essential problem in orange county is that , having created an unusually vivid set of characters worthy of its strong cast , the film flounders when it comes to giving them something to do . 
train_neg1265 just like hearst's enormous yacht , it's slow and unwieldy and takes a long time to reach its destination . 
train_neg1266 there is not a character in the movie with a shred of plausibility , not an event that is believable , not a confrontation that is not staged , not a moment that is not false . 
train_neg1267 where last time jokes flowed out of cho's life story , which provided an engrossing dramatic through line , here the comedian hides behind obviously constructed routines . 
train_neg1268 a broadly played , lowbrow comedy in which the cast delivers mildly amusing performances and no farm animals were injured by any of the gags . 
train_neg1269  . . . too gory to be a comedy and too silly to be an effective horror film . 
train_neg1270 lacks heart , depth and , most of all , purpose . 
train_neg1271 though a bit of a patchwork in script and production , a glossy , rich green , environment almost makes the picture work . 
train_neg1272 perfectly enjoyable , instantly forgettable , nothing to write home about . 
train_neg1273 wasabi is slight fare indeed , with the entire project having the feel of something tossed off quickly ( like one of hubert's punches ) , but it should go down smoothly enough with popcorn . 
train_neg1274 somehow both wildly implausible and strangely conventional . 
train_neg1275 this ill-fitting tuxedo is strictly off-the-rack . 
train_neg1276 the premise is in extremely bad taste , and the film's supposed insights are so poorly thought-out and substance-free that even a high school senior taking his or her first psychology class could dismiss them . 
train_neg1277 sets up a nice concept for its fiftysomething leading ladies , but fails loudly in execution . 
train_neg1278 imagine the james woods character from videodrome making a home movie of audrey rose and showing it to the kid from the sixth sense and you've imagined the ring . 
train_neg1279 this time kaufman's imagination has failed him . 
train_neg1280 an intermittently pleasing but mostly routine effort . 
train_neg1281 it becomes gimmicky instead of compelling . " interview " loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into . 
train_neg1282 frenetic but not really funny . 
train_neg1283 taken individually or collectively , the stories never add up to as much as they promise . 
train_neg1284 you could nap for an hour and not miss a thing . 
train_neg1285 director clare kilner's debut is never as daft as it should have been . 
train_neg1286 just plain silly . 
train_neg1287 scene-by-scene , things happen , but you'd be hard-pressed to say what or why . 
train_neg1288 the tug-of-war at the core of beijing bicycle becomes weighed down with agonizing contrivances , overheated pathos and long , wistful gazes . 
train_neg1289 being author wells' great-grandson , you'd think filmmaker simon wells would have more reverence for the material . but this costly dud is a far cry from either the book or the beloved film . 
train_neg1290 mark me down as a non-believer in werewolf films that are not serious and rely on stupidity as a substitute for humor . 
train_neg1291 thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad scouse accents
train_neg1292 aspires for the piquant but only really achieves a sort of ridiculous sourness . 
train_neg1293 for all its highfalutin title and corkscrew narrative , the movie turns out to be not much more than a shaggy human tale . 
train_neg1294 a soggy , cliche-bound epic-horror yarn that ends up being even dumber than its title . 
train_neg1295 one groan-inducing familiarity begets another . 
train_neg1296 there is no entry portal in the rules of attraction , and i spent most of the movie feeling depressed by the shallow , selfish , greedy characters . 
train_neg1297 it's hard to tell with all the crashing and banging where the salesmanship ends and the movie begins . 
train_neg1298 divertingly ridiculous , headbangingly noisy . 
train_neg1299 a hideous , confusing spectacle , one that may well put the nail in the coffin of any future rice adaptations . 
train_neg1300 between bedroom scenes , viewers may find themselves wishing they could roll over and take a nap . 
train_neg1301 if you collected all the moments of coherent dialogue , they still wouldn't add up to the time required to boil a four- minute egg . 
train_neg1302 despite all the talking , by the time the bloody climax arrives we still don't feel enough of an attachment to these guys to care one way or another . 
train_neg1303 a sensual performance from abbass buoys the flimsy story , but her inner journey is largely unexplored and we're left wondering about this exotic-looking woman whose emotional depths are only hinted at . 
train_neg1304 never engaging , utterly predictable and completely void of anything remotely interesting or suspenseful . 
train_neg1305 spousal abuse is a major problem in contemporary society , but the film reduces this domestic tragedy to florid melodrama . 
train_neg1306 oedekerk wrote patch adams , for which he should not be forgiven . why he was given free reign over this project -- he wrote , directed , starred and produced -- is beyond me . 
train_neg1307 the creaking , rusty ship makes a fine backdrop , but the ghosts' haunting is routine . 
train_neg1308 whatever eyre's failings as a dramatist , he deserves credit for bringing audiences into this hard and bitter place . 
train_neg1309 scotland , pa . blurs the line between black comedy and black hole . 
train_neg1310 it tries too hard , and overreaches the logic of its own world . 
train_neg1311 a boring , formulaic mix of serial killers and stalk'n'slash . 
train_neg1312 with recent tensions rekindled by the kathleen soliah trial and the upcoming trial of sla members emily and william harris , not to mention sept . 11 , its difficult these days to appreciate fire's bright side . 
train_neg1313 flaunts its quirky excesses like a new year's eve drunk sporting a paper party hat . 
train_neg1314 writhing under dialogue like 'you're from two different worlds' and 'tonight the maid is a lie and this , this is who you are , ' this schlock-filled fairy tale hits new depths of unoriginality and predictability . 
train_neg1315 is there enough material to merit a documentary on the making of wilco's last album ? 
train_neg1316 schmaltzy and unfunny , adam sandler's cartoon about hanukkah is numbingly bad , little nicky bad , 10 worst list bad . 
train_neg1317 scotland , pa . is a strangely drab romp . some studio pizazz might have helped . 
train_neg1318 there's more scatological action in 8 crazy nights than a proctologist is apt to encounter in an entire career . 
train_neg1319 too loud , too long and too frantic by half , die another day suggests that the bond franchise has run into a creative wall that 007 cannot fly over , tunnel under or barrel through . 
train_neg1320  . . . the sum of the parts equals largely a confused mediocrity . 
train_neg1321 if we don't demand a standard of quality for the art that we choose , we deserve the trash that we get . 
train_neg1322 a modest and messy metaphysical thriller offering more questions than answers . 
train_neg1323 julia is played with exasperating blandness by laura regan . 
train_neg1324 morrissette's script and direction show a fair amount of intelligence and wit -- but it doesn't signify a whole lot either . 
train_neg1325 there's suspension of disbelief and then there's bad screenwriting . . . this film packs a wallop of the latter . 
train_neg1326 mocking kung fu pictures when they were a staple of exploitation theater programming was witty . mocking them now is an exercise in pointlessness . 
train_neg1327 this is a particularly toxic little bonbon , palatable to only a chosen and very jaundiced few . 
train_neg1328 considering the harsh locations and demanding stunts , this must have been a difficult shoot , but the movie proves rough going for the audience as well . 
train_neg1329 so clichéd that , at one point , they literally upset an apple cart . 
train_neg1330 it's a decent glimpse into a time period , and an outcast , that is no longer accessible , but it doesn't necessarily shed more light on its subject than the popular predecessor . 
train_neg1331 when the plot kicks in , the film loses credibility . 
train_neg1332 the movie takes itself too seriously and , as a result , it makes for only intermittent fun . 
train_neg1333 so stupid , so ill-conceived , so badly drawn , it created whole new levels of ugly . 
train_neg1334 some of seagal's action pictures are guilty pleasures , but this one is so formulaic that it seems to be on auto-pilot . 
train_neg1335 a ponderous meditation on love that feels significantly longer than its relatively scant 97 minutes . 
train_neg1336 a long-winded and stagy session of romantic contrivances that never really gels like the shrewd feminist fairy tale it could have been . 
train_neg1337 a little too pat for its own good . 
train_neg1338 there are films that try the patience of even the most cinema-besotted critic -- and this was one of them . 
train_neg1339 well-intentioned though it may be , its soap-opera morality tales have the antiseptic , preprogrammed feel of an after-school special . 
train_neg1340 when a set of pre-shooting guidelines a director came up with for his actors turns out to be cleverer , better written and of considerable more interest than the finished film , that's a bad sign . a very bad sign . 
train_neg1341 it's a deeply serious movie that cares passionately about its subject , but too often becomes ponderous in its teaching of history , or lost in the intricate connections and multiple timelines of its story . 
train_neg1342 can't kick about the assembled talent and the russos show genuine promise as comic filmmakers . still , this thing feels flimsy and ephemeral . 
train_neg1343 the makers of divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood should offer a free ticket ( second prize , of course , two free tickets ) to anyone who can locate a genuinely honest moment in their movie . 
train_neg1344 god help the poor woman if attal is this insecure in real life : his fictional yvan's neuroses are aggravating enough to exhaust the patience of even the most understanding spouse . 
train_neg1345 let's cut to the consumer-advice bottom line : stay home . 
train_neg1346 undercover brother doesn't go far enough . it's just a silly black genre spoof . 
train_neg1347 the film's implicit premise is that the faith of the tonga people is in every way inferior to that of john . 
train_neg1348 you've already seen heartbreak if you've watched the far superior nurse betty or sunset boulevard . even the unwatchable soapdish is more original . 
train_neg1349 a journey that's too random and inconclusive to be compelling , but which hoffman's brilliance almost makes worth taking . 
train_neg1350 but buying into sham truths and routine " indie " filmmaking , freundlich has made just another safe movie . it's not horrible , just horribly mediocre . 
train_neg1351 not always too whimsical for its own good ( but enough to do harm ) , this strange hybrid of crime thriller , quirky character study , third-rate romance and female empowerment fantasy never really finds the tonal or thematic glue it needs . 
train_neg1352  " juwanna mann ? " no thanks . wewannour money back , actually . 
train_neg1353 it's a sometimes interesting remake that doesn't compare to the brilliant original . 
train_neg1354 you're too conscious of the effort it takes to be this spontaneous . 
train_neg1355 feel bad for king , who's honestly trying , and schwartzman , who's shot himself in the foot . 
train_neg1356 some actors steal scenes . tom green just gives them a bad odor . this self-infatuated goofball is far from the only thing wrong with the clumsy comedy stealing harvard , but he's the most obvious one . 
train_neg1357 shallow . 
train_neg1358 a monster combat thriller as impersonal in its relentlessness as the videogame series that inspired it . 
train_neg1359 the reason we keep seeing the same movie with roughly the same people every year is because so many of us keep going and then , out of embarrassment or stupidity , not warning anyone . 
train_neg1360 there's not much going on in this movie unless you simply decide to buy into the notion that something inexplicably strange once happened in point pleasant . 
train_neg1361 in the second half of the film , frei's control loosens in direct proportion to the amount of screen time he gives nachtwey for self-analysis . 
train_neg1362 director barry skolnick and his screenwriters glibly tick off every point of " the longest yard " playbook like a checklist . 
train_neg1363 oh , it's extreme , all right . extremely dumb . extremely confusing . extremely boring . 
train_neg1364 for a shoot-'em-up , ballistic is oddly lifeless . 
train_neg1365 one minute , you think you're watching a serious actioner ; the next , it's as though clips from the pink panther strikes again and/or sailor moon have been spliced in . 
train_neg1366 opens as promising as any war/adventure film you'll ever see and dissolves into a routine courtroom drama , better suited for a movie titled " glory : a soldier's story . " 
train_neg1367 these spiders can outrun a motorcycle and wrap a person in a sticky cocoon in seconds , but they fall short of being interesting or entertaining . 
train_neg1368 a less-than-thrilling thriller . 
train_neg1369 matthew mcconaughey tries , and fails , to control the screen with swaggering machismo and over-the-top lunacy . 
train_neg1370 its lack of quality earns it a place alongside those other two recent dumas botch-jobs , the man in the iron mask and the musketeer . 
train_neg1371 a benign but forgettable sci-fi diversion . 
train_neg1372 it doesn't help that the director and cinematographer stephen kazmierski shoot on grungy video , giving the whole thing a dirty , tasteless feel . 
train_neg1373 this film's relationship to actual tension is the same as what christmas-tree flocking in a spray can is to actual snow : a poor -- if durable -- imitation . 
train_neg1374 director dirk shafer and co-writer greg hinton ride the dubious divide where gay porn reaches for serious drama . 
train_neg1375 falters when it takes itself too seriously and when it depends too heavily on its otherwise talented cast to clown in situations that aren't funny . 
train_neg1376 the fight scenes are fun , but it grows tedious . 
train_neg1377 all this turns out to be neither funny nor provocative - only dull . 
train_neg1378 demme's loose approach kills the suspense . 
train_neg1379 [plays] in broad outline as pandering middle-age buddy-comedy . 
train_neg1380 the film is itself a sort of cinematic high crime , one that brings military courtroom dramas down very , very low . 
train_neg1381 a turgid little history lesson , humourless and dull . 
train_neg1382 too silly to be frightening , too stolid to be funny , it projects the same lazy affability as its nominal star , david arquette . 
train_neg1383 it would be hard to think of a recent movie that has worked this hard to achieve this little fun . 
train_neg1384 theology aside , why put someone who ultimately doesn't learn at the center of a kids' story ? 
train_neg1385 sometimes smart but more often sophomoric . 
train_neg1386 the ill-conceived modern-day ending falls flat where it should deliver a moral punch . 
train_neg1387 dawdles and drags when it should pop ; it doesn't even have the virtue of enough mindless violence to break up the tedium of all its generational bonding . 
train_neg1388 a great idea becomes a not-great movie . 
train_neg1389 by the end , i was looking for something hard with which to bludgeon myself unconscious . 
train_neg1390 not a movie but a live-action agitprop cartoon so shameless and coarse , it's almost funny . 
train_neg1391 feels like six different movies fighting each other for attention . 
train_neg1392 life is a crock -- or something like it . 
train_neg1393 the picture is a primer on what happens when lack of know-how mixes with lack of give-a-damn . 
train_neg1394 bartleby is a one-joke movie , and a bad joke at that . 
train_neg1395 a bravura exercise in emptiness . 
train_neg1396 despite the premise of a good story . . . it wastes all its star power on cliched or meaningless roles . 
train_neg1397 first good , then bothersome . excellent acting and direction . 
train_neg1398 even as lame horror flicks go , this is lame . 
train_neg1399 so routine , familiar and predictable , it raises the possibility that it wrote itself as a newly automated final draft computer program . 
train_neg1400 sunshine state lacks the kind of dynamic that limbo offers , and in some ways is a rather indulgent piece . 
train_neg1401 a long-winded , predictable scenario . 
train_neg1402 although trying to balance self-referential humor and a normal ol' slasher plot seemed like a decent endeavor , the result doesn't fully satisfy either the die-hard jason fans or those who can take a good joke . 
train_neg1403 too clunky and too busy ribbing itself to be truly entertaining . 
train_neg1404 this movie is about lying , cheating , but loving the friends you betray . 
train_neg1405 a real clunker . a well-made , thoughtful , well-acted clunker , but a clunker nonetheless . 
train_neg1406 good for a few unintentional laughs , " extreme ops " was obviously made for the " xxx " crowd , people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction . 
train_neg1407 …a big , baggy , sprawling carnival of a movie , stretching out before us with little rhyme or reason . 
train_neg1408 a frustrating combination of strained humor and heavy-handed sentimentality . 
train_neg1409 as written by michael berg and michael j . wilson from a story by wilson , this relentless , all-wise-guys-all-the-time approach tries way too hard and gets tiring in no time at all . 
train_neg1410 will probably stay in the shadow of its two older , more accessible qatsi siblings . 
train_neg1411 just when the movie seems confident enough to handle subtlety , it dives into soapy bathos . 
train_neg1412 if you're looking for comedy to be served up , better look elsewhere . 
train_neg1413 like a tone-deaf singer at a benefit concert , john q . is a bad movie appearing on behalf of a good cause . 
train_neg1414 adam sandler is to gary cooper what a gnat is to a racehorse . 
train_neg1415 what kids will discover is a new collectible . what parents will suspect is that they're watching a 76-minute commercial . 
train_neg1416 beers , who , when she's given the right lines , can charm the paint off the wall . . . [but] the script goes wrong at several key junctures . 
train_neg1417 drags along in a dazed and enervated , drenched-in-the- past numbness . 
train_neg1418 there's something fundamental missing from this story : something or someone to care about . 
train_neg1419 too much of this well-acted but dangerously slow thriller feels like a preamble to a bigger , more complicated story , one that never materializes . 
train_neg1420 unfortunately , heartbreak hospital wants to convey the same kind of haughtiness in its own sketchy material but this territory has already been explored previously with better aplomb and sardonic wit . 
train_neg1421 [it's] difficult to get beyond the overall blandness of american chai , despite its likable performances and refreshingly naive point of view . 
train_neg1422 the backyard battles you staged with your green plastic army men were more exciting and almost certainly made more sense . 
train_neg1423 overly stylized with lots of flash black-&-white freeze frames reminiscent of a pseudo-hip luxury car commercial , ( it's ) at its worst when it's actually inside the ring . 
train_neg1424 what is captured during the conceptual process doesn't add up to a sufficient explanation of what the final dance work , the selection , became in its final form . 
train_neg1425 if this is satire , it's the smug and self-congratulatory kind that lets the audience completely off the hook . 
train_neg1426 these people wouldn't know subtle characterization if it put on a giant furry monster costume and then gave them a lapdance . 
train_neg1427 it doesn't quite work , but there's enough here to make us look forward to the russos' next offering . 
train_neg1428 any film featuring young children threatened by a terrorist bomb can no longer pass as mere entertainment . 
train_neg1429 apparently kissing leads to suicide attempts and tragic deaths . marisa tomei is good , but just a kiss is just a mess . 
train_neg1430 opens at a funeral , ends on the protagonist's death bed and doesn't get much livelier in the three hours in between . 
train_neg1431 the noble tradition of men in drag hits an all-time low in sorority boys , whose makers apparently believe that women's clothing can cover up any deficiency in acting , writing or direction . 
train_neg1432 to portray modern women the way director davis has done is just unthinkable . 
train_neg1433 too simple for its own good . 
train_neg1434 a chaotic panorama that's too busy flying a lot of metaphoric flags . 
train_neg1435 suffers from rambling , repetitive dialogue and the visual drabness endemic to digital video . 
train_neg1436 newcomer helmer kevin donovan is hamstrung by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept – a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman . 
train_neg1437 often silly – and gross – but it's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films . 
train_neg1438 it's exactly what you'd expect . 
train_neg1439 the performances are so leaden , michael rymer's direction is so bloodless and the dialogue is so corny that the audience laughs out loud . 
train_neg1440 a subtle variation on i spit on your grave in which our purported heroine pathologically avenges a hatred for men . 
train_neg1441 reggio's trippy , ambitious downer can also sometimes come across like nothing more than a glorified nike ad . 
train_neg1442 as tweedy talks about canning his stockbroker and repairing his pool , you yearn for a few airborne tv sets or nude groupies on the nod to liven things up . 
train_neg1443 if somebody was bored and . . . decided to make a dull , pretentious version of jesus' son , they'd come up with something like bart freundlich's world traveler . 
train_neg1444 the best you can say about it is it's so uninspired , it barely gives one pause when considering some of the other dreck out there right now . 
train_neg1445 an overstuffed compendium of teen-catholic-movie dogma . 
train_neg1446 ben affleck as jack ryan , tom clancy's intrepid hero ? ridiculous . what's next ? d . j . qualls as indiana jones ? or tom green as han solo ? 
train_neg1447 the movie's biggest offense is its complete and utter lack of tension . 
train_neg1448 the film is directed by wally wolodarsky from a script by joe jarvis and greg coolidge . these are names to remember , in order to avoid them in the future . 
train_neg1449 if this is the resurrection of the halloween franchise , it would have been better off dead . 
train_neg1450 i saw knockaround guys yesterday , and already the details have faded like photographs from the spanish-american war . . . it's so unmemorable that it turned my ballpoint notes to invisible ink . 
train_neg1451 though avary has done his best to make something out of ellis' nothing novel , in the end , his rules is barely worth following . 
train_neg1452 the plot is so predictable and sentimental that viewers are likely to lose interest before sandrine and her goats walk off into the sunset . 
train_neg1453 at first , the sight of a blind man directing a film is hilarious , but as the film goes on , the joke wears thin . 
train_neg1454 never again swings between false sentiment and unfunny madcap comedy and , along the way , expects the audience to invest in the central relationship as some kind of marriage of true minds . 
train_neg1455 the story itself is uninteresting , and the songs are painfully undistinguished : they might be giants' so to be one of us may be the most tuneless tune ever composed . 
train_neg1456 este é apenas mais um ( longo ) episódio do programa da mtv . a única diferença é que , desta vez , a paramount teve o mau gosto de exibi-lo nos cinemas . 
train_neg1457 technically , the film is about as interesting as an insurance commercial . 
train_neg1458 the title's lameness should clue you in on how bad the movie is . 
train_neg1459 the humor is hinged on the belief that knees in the crotch , elbows in the face and spit in the eye are inherently funny . 
train_neg1460 it's a movie forged in the fires of chick flick hell . 
train_neg1461 feels like the grittiest movie that was ever made for the lifetime cable television network . 
train_neg1462 lanie's professional success means she must be a failure at life , because she's driven by ambition and doesn't know how to have fun . 
train_neg1463 if this holiday movie is supposed to be a gift , somebody unwrapped it early , took out all the good stuff , and left behind the crap ( literally ) . 
train_neg1464 so faithful to the doldrums of the not-quite-urban , not-quite-suburban milieu as to have viewers recoiling from the reality check . 
train_neg1465 rambles on in a disjointed , substandard fashion from one poorly executed action sequence to the next . 
train_neg1466 there's an audience for it , but it could have been funnier and more innocent . 
train_neg1467 an awkward and indigestible movie . 
train_neg1468 the movie has very little to offer besides unintentional laughs . 
train_neg1469 all the well-meaningness in the world can't erase the fact that the believer feels like a 12-step program for the jewish nazi . 
train_neg1470 like most sequels , it takes what worked last time , repeats it and adds more characters , more stunts , more stuff in attempt to camouflage its sameness . 
train_neg1471 message movie or an action-packed submarine spectacular ? alas , it's neither . 
train_neg1472 no movement , no yuks , not much of anything . 
train_neg1473 thirty years ago , it would have been groundbreaking . now it's just tired . 
train_neg1474 heavy-handed exercise in time-vaulting literary pretension . 
train_neg1475 the movie is too cute to take itself too seriously , but it still feels like it was made by some very stoned college students . 
train_neg1476 a thinly veiled excuse for wilson to play his self-deprecating act against murphy's well-honed prima donna shtick . 
train_neg1477 a minor picture with a major identity crisis -- it's sort of true and it's sort of bogus and it's ho-hum all the way through . 
train_neg1478 plays as hollow catharsis , with lots of tears but very little in the way of insights . 
train_neg1479 it will come as no surprise that the movie isn't scary . but here's the real damn : it isn't funny , either . 
train_neg1480 quick : who wants to see a comedy about shoddy airport security ? 
train_neg1481 cho's fans are sure to be entertained ; it's only fair in the interest of full disclosure to say that -- on the basis of this film alone -- i'm not one of them . 
train_neg1482 high crimes miscasts nearly every leading character . 
train_neg1483 the overall feel of the film is pretty cheesy , but there's still a real sense that the star trek tradition has been honored as best it can , given the embarrassing script and weak direction . 
train_neg1484 another rent installment for the ian fleming estate . 
train_neg1485 with danilo donati's witty designs and dante spinotti's luscious cinematography , this might have made a decent children's movie -- if only benigni hadn't insisted on casting himself in the title role . 
train_neg1486 so lazy and slipshod it confuses the mere flashing of kinky soft-core imagery with naughty fun . 
train_neg1487 has little on its mind aside from scoring points with drag gags . 
train_neg1488 britney's performance cannot be faulted . lucy's a dull girl , that's all . 
train_neg1489  " the kid stays in the picture " is a great story , terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this cliff notes edition is a cheat . 
train_neg1490 well-shot but badly written tale set in a future ravaged by dragons . 
train_neg1491 if melville is creatively a great whale , this film is canned tuna . 
train_neg1492 this film is so slick , superficial and trend-hoppy , that it's easy to imagine that a new software program spit out the screenplay . 
train_neg1493 enough trivializes an important crisis , reduces it to an almost comic embarrassment . 
train_neg1494 gee , a second assassin shot kennedy ? moot point . 
train_neg1495 needless to say , the dramatics that follow are utter hooey . 
train_neg1496 the problem is that rather than dramatizing this premise , mr . desplechin is content to state it . 
train_neg1497 madonna still can't act a lick . 
train_neg1498 even the imaginative gore can't hide the musty scent of todd farmer's screenplay , which is a simple retread of the 1979 alien , with a plucky heroine battling a monster loose in a spaceship . 
train_neg1499 the episodic film makes valid points about the depersonalization of modern life . but the characters tend to be cliches whose lives are never fully explored . 
train_neg1500 serry does a fine job of capturing the climate of the times and , perhaps unwittingly , relating it to what is happening in america in 2002 . but hard-to-believe plot twists force the movie off track in its final half hour . 
train_neg1501 don't let your festive spirit go this far . 
train_neg1502 though the book runs only about 300 pages , it is so densely packed . . . that even an ambitious adaptation and elaborate production like mr . schepisi's seems skimpy and unclear . 
train_neg1503 director brian levant , who never strays far from his sitcom roots , skates blithely from one implausible situation to another , pausing only to tie up loose ends with more bows than you'll find on a french poodle . 
train_neg1504 movies like this are selling the old european candor , the old wink of 'bold' revelation . but in 2002 , such revelations wilt . 
train_neg1505 the timing in nearly every scene seems a half beat off . 
train_neg1506 a fairly by-the-books blend of action and romance with sprinklings of intentional and unintentional comedy . 
train_neg1507 flounders due to the general sense that no two people working on the production had exactly the same thing in mind . 
train_neg1508 the story bogs down in a mess of purposeless violence . 
train_neg1509 mckay deflates his piece of puffery with a sour cliche and heavy doses of mean-spiritedness
train_neg1510 the cumulative effect of the relentless horror on parade numbs the movie's power as a work of drama . 
train_neg1511 aaliyah rarely dampens her diva persona enough to spark genuine chemistry with townsend . when she speaks , her creepy egyptian demigod voice is as computer processed and overproduced as it was in her music . 
train_neg1512 outrageousness is all plympton seemed to be going for this time . we miss the quirky amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the ride . 
train_neg1513 much of what is meant to be 'inspirational' and 'uplifting' is simply distasteful to audiences not already sharing [the movie's] mindset . 
train_neg1514 home alone goes hollywood , a funny premise until the kids start pulling off stunts not even steven spielberg would know how to do . besides , real movie producers aren't this nice . 
train_neg1515 truth to tell , if you've seen more than half-a-dozen horror films , there's nothing here you haven't seen before . 
train_neg1516 even die-hard fans of japanese animation . . . will find this one a challenge . 
train_neg1517 filmmakers have to dig deep to sink this low . fortunately for all involved , this movie is likely to disappear as quickly as an ice cube thrown into a pot of boiling water . 
train_neg1518 the movie gets muted and routine . 
train_neg1519 it's a bad sign when you're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest . 
train_neg1520 i was perplexed to watch it unfold with an astonishing lack of passion or uniqueness . 
train_neg1521 k-19 may not hold a lot of water as a submarine epic , but it holds even less when it turns into an elegiacally soggy saving private ryanovich . 
train_neg1522 automatically pegs itself for the straight-to-video sci-fi rental shelf . 
train_neg1523 ja rule and kurupt should have gotten to rap . it would have benefitted the dialogue . 
train_neg1524 this film , starring anthony hopkins and chris rock , is your typical 'fish out of water' story . you've seen them a million times . just one problem : fish out of water usually die . this one does . 
train_neg1525 the angst-ridden , affluent slacker characters are more grating than engaging . 
train_neg1526 a soggy , shapeless mess . . . just a dumb excuse for a waterlogged equivalent of a haunted-house movie . 
train_neg1527 men in black ii has sequel-itis something fierce . an ungainly , comedy-deficient , b-movie rush job . . . 
train_neg1528 an unsatisfying hybrid of blair witch and typical stalk-and-slash fare , where the most conservative protagonist is always the last one living . 
train_neg1529 say this for the soundtrack , it drowns out the lousy dialogue . 
train_neg1530 after seeing swept away , i feel sorry for madonna . 
train_neg1531 instead of kicking off the intrigue and suspense and mystery of the whole thing , hart's war , like the st . louis rams in the super bowl , waits until after halftime to get started . 
train_neg1532 two-bit potboiler . 
train_neg1533 a gob of drivel so sickly sweet , even the eager consumers of moore's pasteurized ditties will retch it up like rancid crème brûlée . 
train_neg1534 maudlin and melodramatic we expected . boring we didn't . 
train_neg1535 never quite transcends jokester status . . . and the punchline doesn't live up to barry's dead-eyed , perfectly chilled delivery . 
train_neg1536 it almost plays like solaris , but with guns and jokes . 
train_neg1537 it won't be long before you'll spy i spy at a video store near you . 
train_neg1538 this film looks like it was produced in 1954 , shelved for 48 years , and repackaged for a 2002 audience . 
train_neg1539 propelled not by characters but by caricatures . 
train_neg1540 there is not an ounce of honesty in the entire production . 
train_neg1541 the pivotal narrative point is so ripe the film can't help but go soft and stinky . 
train_neg1542 a predictable and stereotypical little b-movie . 
train_neg1543 frustratingly , dridi tells us nothing about el gallo other than what emerges through his music . 
train_neg1544 places a slightly believable love triangle in a difficult-to-swallow setting , and then disappointingly moves the story into the realm of an improbable thriller . 
train_neg1545 stephen earnhart's documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition – wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text – when it's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type . 
train_neg1546 undone by its overly complicated and derivative screenplay , the glacier-paced direction and the stereotypical characters . 
train_neg1547 how anyone over the age of 2 can stomach the touchy-feely message this preachy produce promotes is beyond us . 
train_neg1548 the sort of movie that gives tastelessness a bad rap . 
train_neg1549 jolie's performance vanishes somewhere between her hair and her lips . 
train_neg1550 static , repetitive , muddy and blurry , hey arnold ! would seem to have a lock on the title of ugliest movie of the year . 
train_neg1551 un thriller manqué qui tombe sur les nerfs presque dès la première image . 
train_neg1552 when it comes to entertainment , children deserve better than pokemon 4ever . 
train_neg1553 yes , 4ever is harmless in the extreme and it'll mute your kids for nearly 80 minutes , but why not just treat the little yard apes to the real deal and take them to spirited away ? 
train_neg1554 preposterous and tedious , sonny is spiked with unintentional laughter that , unfortunately , occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure . 
train_neg1555 calling this movie brainless would be paying it a compliment : it's more like entertainment for trolls . 
train_neg1556 none of these characters resembles anyone you've ever met in real life , unless you happen to know annoyingly self-involved people who speak in glib sentences that could have only come from the pen of a screenwriter . 
train_neg1557  . . . just a big mess of a movie , full of images and events , but no tension or surprise . 
train_neg1558 as elegantly crafted as it often is , anderson's movie is essentially a one-trick pony that , hampered by an undeveloped script , ultimately pulls up lame . 
train_neg1559 splashes its drama all over the screen , subjecting its audience and characters to action that feels not only manufactured , but also so false you can see the filmmakers' puppet strings . 
train_neg1560  . . . has virtually no script at all . . . 
train_neg1561 will only satisfy those who can't tell the difference between the good , the bad and the ugly . 
train_neg1562 at times , however , dogtown and z-boys lapses into an insider's lingo and mindset that the uninitiated may find hard to follow , or care about . 
train_neg1563 bad beyond belief and ridiculous beyond description . 
train_neg1564 the new faces are interesting , but the old story isn't , especially when it starts to seem more improvised than scripted . 
train_neg1565 most of the action setups are incoherent . 
train_neg1566 the problem isn't that the movie hits so close to home so much as that it hits close to home while engaging in such silliness as that snake-down-the-throat business and the inevitable shot of schwarzenegger outrunning a fireball . 
train_neg1567 dreary , highly annoying . . . 'some body' will appeal to no one . 
train_neg1568 there's something deeply creepy about never again , a new arrow in schaeffer's quiver of ineptitudes . 
train_neg1569 a painfully leaden film destined for pre-dawn cable television slots . 
train_neg1570 the cartoon that isn't really good enough to be on afternoon tv is now a movie that isn't really good enough to be in theaters . 
train_neg1571 formula 51 is so trite that even yu's high-energy action stylings can't break through the stupor . 
train_neg1572 [two] fairly dull -- contrasting and interlocking stories about miserable scandinavian settlers in 18th-century canada , and yuppie sailboaters in the here and now . 
train_neg1573 the film is really not so much bad as bland . 
train_neg1574 the central story lacks punch . 
train_neg1575 though ganesh is successful in a midlevel sort of way , there's nothing so striking or fascinating or metaphorically significant about his career as to rate two hours of our attention . 
train_neg1576 succumbs to the same kind of maudlin , sentimental mysticism that mars the touched by an angel school of non-god spiritual-uplift movies . 
train_neg1577 what was subtle and mystifying in the novella is now broad and farcical . 
train_neg1578  " men in black ii , " has all the earmarks of a sequel . the story is less vibrant , the jokes are a little lukewarm , but will anyone really care ? 
train_neg1579 sucking all the 'classic' out of robert louis stevenson's treasure island and filling the void with sci-fi video game graphics and disney-fied adolescent angst . . . 
train_neg1580 while super troopers is above academy standards , its quintet of writers could still use some more schooling . 
train_neg1581 the low-budget full frontal was one of the year's murkiest , intentionally obscure and self-indulgent pictures , and solaris is its big-budget brother . 
train_neg1582 the plot is very clever , but boyd weighs it down with too many characters and events , all intertwined and far too complicated to keep track of . 
train_neg1583 apallingly absurd . . . the chemistry or lack thereof between newton and wahlberg could turn an imax theater into a 9 " black and white portable tv . 
train_neg1584 the smug , oily demeanor that donovan adopts throughout the stupidly named pipe dream is just repulsive . 
train_neg1585 despite its good nature and some genuinely funny moments , super troopers suffers from a bad case of arrested development . 
train_neg1586 kwan makes the mix-and- match metaphors intriguing , while lulling us into torpor with his cultivated allergy to action . 
train_neg1587 has all the poignancy of a hallmark card and all the comedy of a gallagher stand-up act . 
train_neg1588 it doesn't do the original any particular dishonor , but neither does it exude any charm or personality . 
train_neg1589 a gorgeous , somnolent show that is splendidly mummified and thoroughly unsurprising . 
train_neg1590 a semi-autobiographical film that's so sloppily written and cast that you cannot believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it . 
train_neg1591 the film apparently takes place in a fantasy world where people in hotel hallways recite poetry in voice-over instead of speaking to each other . 
train_neg1592 it's the kind of movie you can't quite recommend because it is all windup and not much of a pitch , yet you can't bring yourself to dislike it . 
train_neg1593 maybe it's asking too much , but if a movie is truly going to inspire me , i want a little more than this . 
train_neg1594 a graceless , witless attempt at mating some like it hot with the wwii espionage thriller . 
train_neg1595 the story and characters are nowhere near gripping enough . 
train_neg1596 just like every other seagal movie , only louder and without that silly ponytail . 
train_neg1597 this is a great subject for a movie , but hollywood has squandered the opportunity , using it as a prop for warmed-over melodrama and the kind of choreographed mayhem that director john woo has built his career on . 
train_neg1598 ecks this one off your must-see list . 
train_neg1599 just because it really happened to you , honey , doesn't mean that it's interesting to anyone else . 
train_neg1600 every so often a movie comes along that confirms one's worse fears about civilization as we know it . the new guy is one of them . 
train_neg1601 this isn't a " friday " worth waiting for . 
train_neg1602 not a cheap slasher flick , as the subject matter would suggest , but is a little like a nature film , showing a patient predator and his foolish prey . 
train_neg1603 herzog is obviously looking for a moral to his fable , but the notion that a strong , unified showing among germany and eastern european jews might have changed 20th-century history is undermined by ahola's inadequate performance . 
train_neg1604 all in all , there's only one thing to root for : expulsion for everyone . 
train_neg1605 beyond a handful of mildly amusing lines . . . there just isn't much to laugh at . 
train_neg1606 myers never knows when to let a gag die ; thus , we're subjected to one mind-numbingly lengthy riff on poo and pee jokes after another . 
train_neg1607 too lazy to take advantage of its semi-humorous premise . 
train_neg1608 a great ending doesn't make up for a weak movie , and crazy as hell doesn't even have a great ending . 
train_neg1609 dialogue-heavy and too cerebral for its own good -- or , at any rate , too cerebral for its racy subject matter . 
train_neg1610 its over-reliance on genre conventions , character types and formulaic conflict resolutions crushes all the goodwill it otherwise develops . 
train_neg1611 nothing about it fits . 
train_neg1612 somehow we're meant to buy that this doting mother would shun her kids , travel to one of the most dangerous parts of the world , don fatigues and become g . i . jane . 
train_neg1613 the cast is so low-wattage that none of the characters comes off as big . . . and the setting remains indistinct . 
train_neg1614 the two leads are almost good enough to camouflage the dopey plot , but so much naturalistic small talk , delivered in almost muffled exchanges , eventually has a lulling effect . 
train_neg1615 the film meant well in its horse tale about freedom , but wasn't able to reach the heart because it was too overbearing . 
train_neg1616 the movie is as far as you can get from racy , to the point where it almost stops the blood flow to your brain ; it has a dull , costumey feel . 
train_neg1617 once the audience figure out what's being said , the filmmaker's relative passivity will make it tough for them to really care . 
train_neg1618 it seems just a long , convoluted ploy to get men into drag -- period drag , no less . 
train_neg1619 the film equivalent of a toy chest whose contents get scattered over the course of 80 minutes . 
train_neg1620 creepy but ultimately unsatisfying thriller . 
train_neg1621 has something to say . . . but it is a statement and issue worthy of a much more thoughtfulness and insight than a melodramatic and wholly predictable thriller . 
train_neg1622 bears is bad . not 'terrible filmmaking' bad , but more like , 'i once had a nightmare like this , and it's now coming true' bad . 
train_neg1623 george , hire a real director and good writers for the next installment , please . 
train_neg1624 however clever nelson has been in providing variation within the confines of her structure and staging , the question remains whether this should , indeed , have been presented as a theatrical release . 
train_neg1625 what will , most likely , turn out to be the most repellent movie of 2002 . 
train_neg1626 a morality tale whose thought-provoking potential is hampered by a made-for-tv look , rigid performances and an asinine 'twist' that brazenly rips off the sixth sense . 
train_neg1627 here's a self-congratulatory 3d imax rah-rah . 
train_neg1628 eastwood is an icon of moviemaking , one of the best actors , directors and producers around , responsible for some excellent work . but even a hero can stumble sometimes . 
train_neg1629 a sophomoric exploration of 'life problems' most people solved long ago -- or at least got tired of hearing people kvetch about . 
train_neg1630 the impact of the armenian genocide is diluted by too much stage business in the modern day . 
train_neg1631 [u]nrelentingly stupid . 
train_neg1632 lacking gravitas , macdowell is a placeholder for grief , and ergo this sloppy drama is an empty vessel . leave these flowers unpicked -- they're dead on the vine . 
train_neg1633 admirable , certainly , but not much fun to watch . for caine lovers only . 
train_neg1634 no , it's not nearly as good as any of its influences . 
train_neg1635 a reasonably efficient mechanism , but it offers few surprises and finds its stars slumming in territory they should have avoided . 
train_neg1636 city by the sea is the cinematic equivalent of defensive driving : it's careful , conscientious and makes no major mistakes . but what saves lives on the freeway does not necessarily make for persuasive viewing . 
train_neg1637 the marquis de sade couldn't have been as dull a person as this film makes him out to be . 
train_neg1638 what could have been a neat little story about believing in yourself is swamped by heavy-handed melodrama . 
train_neg1639 it will probably prove interesting to ram dass fans , but to others it may feel like a parody of the mellow , peace-and-love side of the '60s counterculture . 
train_neg1640 take away all the cliches and the carbon copy scenes from every drug movie we've seen and all you have left are john leguizamo's cool jackets . 
train_neg1641 it's so full of wrong choices that all you can do is shake your head in disbelief -- and worry about what classic oliver parker intends to mangle next time . 
train_neg1642 'how many more voyages can this limping but dearly-loved franchise survive ? '
train_neg1643 barely goes beyond comic book status . 
train_neg1644 it's disappointing when filmmakers throw a few big-name actors and cameos at a hokey script . 
train_neg1645 i spy is an embarrassment , a monotonous , disjointed jumble of borrowed plot points and situations . it's as flat as an open can of pop left sitting in the sun . 
train_neg1646 an eccentric little comic/thriller deeply in love with its own quirky personality . 
train_neg1647 maybe it's the star power of the cast or the redundant messages , but something aboul " full frontal " seems , well , contrived . 
train_neg1648 passably entertaining but also mechanical and joyless . 
train_neg1649 it's push-the-limits teen comedy , the type written by people who can't come up with legitimate funny , and it's used so extensively that good bits are hopelessly overshadowed . 
train_neg1650 it's too long , too repetitive , and takes way too many years to resolve to be a total winner . 
train_neg1651 a sudsy cautionary tale . 
train_neg1652 a movie that tries to fuse the two 'woods' but winds up a bolly-holly masala mess . 
train_neg1653 leaves you with a knot in your stomach , its power is undercut by its own head-banging obviousness . 
train_neg1654 watching it is rather like an overlong visit from a large group of your relatives . as your relatives swap one mundane story after another , you begin to wonder if they are ever going to depart . 
train_neg1655 on the right track to something that's creepy and effective . . . it's just going to take more than a man in a bullwinkle costume to get there . 
train_neg1656 one of those movies where you walk out of the theater not feeling cheated exactly , but feeling pandered to , which , in the end , might be all the more infuriating . 
train_neg1657 murder by numbers is like a couple of mediocre tv-movie -of-the-week films clumsily stuck together . 
train_neg1658 the film is surprisingly well-directed by brett ratner , who keeps things moving well -- at least until the problematic third act . 
train_neg1659 warmed-over tarantino by way of wannabe elmore leonard . 
train_neg1660 showtime is one of the hapless victims of the arrogant " if we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them guns , the movie will be funny " syndrome . 
train_neg1661 sushi for the connoisseurs of the macabre . 
train_neg1662 though certainly original in form , altar boys requires a taste for swamp thing-type animation , doubled with a deafening score . 
train_neg1663 there's not enough to sustain the comedy . 
train_neg1664 you're better off staying home and watching the x-files . 
train_neg1665 chaotic , self-indulgent and remarkably ugly to look at , it's . . . like a series of pretentiously awful student films strung together into one feature-length horror . 
train_neg1666 bears resemblance to , and shares the weaknesses of , too many recent action-fantasy extravaganzas in which special effects overpower cogent story-telling and visual clarity during the big action sequences . 
train_neg1667 this film is full of rabbits . brimful . but like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance . 
train_neg1668 i kept wishing i was watching a documentary about the wartime navajos and what they accomplished instead of all this specious hollywood hoo-ha . 
train_neg1669 a movie far more cynical and lazy than anything a fictitious charlie kaufman might object to . 
train_neg1670 could the country bears really be as bad as its trailers ? in a word -- yes . 
train_neg1671 if high crimes were any more generic it would have a universal product code instead of a title . 
train_neg1672 reggio falls victim to relying on the very digital technology that he fervently scorns , creating a meandering , inarticulate and ultimately disappointing film . 
train_neg1673 the movie makes absolutely no sense . its underlying mythology is a hodgepodge of inconsistencies that pose the question : since when did dumb entertainment have to be this dumb ? 
train_neg1674 the problem with this film is that it's forced to make its characters idiots in order to advance the plot . had anyone here done anything remotely intelligent , we all could have stopped watching long ago . 
train_neg1675 despite the authenticity of the trappings , the film is overblown in its plotting , hackneyed in its dialogue and anachronistic in its style . 
train_neg1676 the journey toward redemption feels more like a cinematic experiment than a full-blown movie . 
train_neg1677 that zhang would make such a strainingly cute film -- with a blind orphan at its center , no less -- indicates where his ambitions have wandered . 
train_neg1678 the gantzes' interviews tend to let the guys off the hook . 
train_neg1679 the streets , shot by cinematographer michael ballhaus , may be as authentic as they are mean , but it is nearly impossible to care about what happens on them . 
train_neg1680 parker probably thinks he's shaking up a classic the way kenneth branagh and baz luhrmann have , but this half-hearted messing-about just makes us miss wilde's still-contemporary play . 
train_neg1681 a tv episode inflated past its natural length . 
train_neg1682 anemic , pretentious . 
train_neg1683 there are weird resonances between actor and role here , and they're not exactly flattering . 
train_neg1684 the unceasing sadism is so graphically excessive , the director just ends up exposing his own obsession . 
train_neg1685 all the necessary exposition prevents the picture from rising above your generic sand 'n' sandal adventure . 
train_neg1686 gangs of new york is an unapologetic mess , whose only saving grace is that it ends by blowing just about everything up . 
train_neg1687 an overblown clunker full of bad jokes , howling cliches and by-the-numbers action sequences . 
train_neg1688 without a strong script and energetic acting , dogma films can produce the same sleep-inducing effects as watching your neighbor's home videos . 
train_neg1689 a mild , reluctant , thumbs down . 
train_neg1690 it's an awfully derivative story . 
train_neg1691 it's an earnest debut full of heartfelt performances , but is ultimately let down by a story that is all too predictable . 
train_neg1692 oft-described as the antidote to american pie-type sex comedies , it actually has a bundle in common with them , as the film diffuses every opportunity for a breakthrough
train_neg1693 the pacing is glacial , the screenplay is stiff as a board , and things heat up only in the movie's final scenes . 
train_neg1694 pumpkin struts about with " courage " pinned to its huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back . 
train_neg1695 an uneven film dealing with too many problems to be taken seriously . 
train_neg1696 an atonal estrogen opera that demonizes feminism while gifting the most sympathetic male of the piece with a nice vomit bath at his wedding . 
train_neg1697 half of it is composed of snappy patter and pseudo-sophisticated cultural observations , while the remainder . . . would be more at home on a daytime television serial . 
train_neg1698 a lousy movie that's not merely unwatchable , but also unlistenable . 
train_neg1699 the best way to hope for any chance of enjoying this film is by lowering your expectations . then lower them a bit more . 
train_neg1700 when not obscured by the booming bass-heavy soundtrack , the conversation presents the kind of linguistic fumbling not heard since macy gray's game of chinese whispers with mr bean . 
train_neg1701 'abandon all hope , ye who enter here' . . . you should definitely let dante's gloomy words be your guide . 
train_neg1702 what begins as a seemingly brainless , bubbly romantic comedy becomes a cliche-drenched melodrama by mid-film and , by film's end , a feminist action fantasy . 
train_neg1703 a grim , flat and boring werewolf movie that refuses to develop an energy level . 
train_neg1704 birot's directorial debut ( she co-wrote the script with christophe honoré ) isn't so much bad as it is bland . 
train_neg1705 if this dud had been made in the '70s , it would have been called the hills have antlers and played for about three weeks in drive-ins . 
train_neg1706 a frantic search for laughs , with a hit-to-miss ratio that doesn't exactly favour the audience . 
train_neg1707 like a documentary version of fight club , shorn of social insight , intellectual pretension and cinematic interest . 
train_neg1708  " an entire film about researchers quietly reading dusty old letters . " 
train_neg1709 the stories here suffer from the chosen format . 
train_neg1710 the actors are forced to grapple with hazy motivations that never come into focus . 
train_neg1711 the sequel has turned completely and irrevocably bizarre to the point of utter nonsense . 
train_neg1712 hardly makes the kind of points egoyan wanted to make , nor does it exist as the kind of monument he wanted to build , to victims whose voices have never gained the ears of the world . 
train_neg1713 build some robots , haul 'em to the theatre with you for the late show , and put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year . 
train_neg1714 rainy days and movies about the disintegration of families always get me down . 
train_neg1715  . . . has about 3/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor — but it's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake- of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity . 
train_neg1716 a incompetência de marcus adams como roteirista só é superada por sua péssima direção . 
train_neg1717 the master of disaster - it's a piece of dreck disguised as comedy . 
train_neg1718 this isn't a movie ; it's a symptom . 
train_neg1719 the film has a few cute ideas and several modest chuckles but it isn't exactly kiddie-friendly… alas , santa is more ho-hum than ho-ho-ho and the snowman ( who never gets to play that flute ) has all the charm of a meltdown . 
train_neg1720 the stupidest , most insulting movie of 2002's first quarter . 
train_neg1721 it's so underwritten that you can't figure out just where the other characters , including ana's father and grandfather , come down on the issue of ana's future . 
train_neg1722 a film so tedious that it is impossible to care whether that boast is true or not . 
train_neg1723 none of this violates the letter of behan's book , but missing is its spirit , its ribald , full-throated humor . 
train_neg1724 even if it ultimately disappoints , the picture does have about a matinee admission's worth of funny to keep it afloat . 
train_neg1725 it's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo . 
train_neg1726 gooding and coburn are both oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable . 
train_neg1727 at every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability . . . all you have left is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he's not trying to laugh at how bad it
train_neg1728 jaw-droppingly superficial , straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter's glory days on three's company . 
train_neg1729 there are plenty of scenes in frida that do work , but rarely do they involve the title character herself . 
train_neg1730 godard uses his characters -- if that's not too glorified a term -- as art things , mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks . 
train_neg1731 the movie generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing . 
train_neg1732 a predictable , manipulative stinker . the story passes time until it's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge . 
train_neg1733 the movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that's shapeless and uninflected . 
train_neg1734 it's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where human nature should be ingratiating , it's just grating . 
train_neg1735 the people in abc africa are treated as docile , mostly wordless ethnographic extras . 
train_neg1736 what's really sad is to see two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that's tv sitcom material at best . 
train_neg1737 call me a cynic , but there's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message . 
train_neg1738 a gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups . 
train_neg1739 a painfully slow cliche-ridden film filled with more holes than clyde barrow's car . 
train_neg1740 like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions . 
train_neg1741 feels less like a change in [herzog's] personal policy than a half-hearted fluke . 
train_neg1742 one of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced . 
train_neg1743 will anyone who isn't a fangoria subscriber be excited that it hasn't gone straight to video ? 
train_neg1744 a selection of scenes in search of a movie . 
train_neg1745 true to its animatronic roots : . . . as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus . . . 'the country bears' should never have been brought out of hibernation . 
train_neg1746 [evans is] a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie . 
train_neg1747 you come away wishing , though , that the movie spent a lot less time trying to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that's at the center of the story . 
train_neg1748 a derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches . 
train_neg1749 loosely speaking , we're in all of me territory again , and , strictly speaking , schneider is no steve martin . 
train_neg1750 limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly . 
train_neg1751 just the sort of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name . 
train_neg1752 has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool . 
train_neg1753 a lifetime movie about men . 
train_neg1754 the screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines . 
train_neg1755 if damon and affleck attempt another project greenlight , next time out they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about . 
train_neg1756 contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden . . . if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad . 
train_neg1757 i hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art . 
train_neg1758 yet another weepy southern bore-athon . 
train_neg1759 i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they're treading water at best in this forgettable effort . 
train_neg1760 a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices . 
train_neg1761 it is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound . 
train_neg1762 ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film . 
train_neg1763 for the future , one hopes mr . plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter . 
train_neg1764 reign of fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness . 
train_neg1765 originality is sorely lacking . 
train_neg1766 though there are entertaining and audacious moments , the movie's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker's flailing reputation . 
train_neg1767 ram dass fierce grace moulds itself as an example to up-and-coming documentarians , of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour . 
train_neg1768 what we have is a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance . 
train_neg1769 nothing more than a stifling morality tale dressed up in peekaboo clothing . 
train_neg1770 it all seemed wasted like deniro's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk . 
train_neg1771 [i]t's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , but barbershop isn't as funny as it should be . 
train_neg1772 unfortunately , a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style . 
train_neg1773 'sophisticated' viewers who refuse to admit that they don't like it will likely call it 'challenging' to their fellow sophisticates . 
train_neg1774 the film's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes . . . drag the movie down . 
train_neg1775 though impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture , it too is a bomb . 
train_neg1776 every note rings false . 
train_neg1777 it never rises to its clever what-if concept . 
train_neg1778 this story of unrequited love doesn't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour . 
train_neg1779 a big , loud , bang-the-drum bore . 
train_neg1780 grating and tedious . 
train_neg1781 [less a movie than] an appalling , odoriferous thing . . . so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you'll want to crawl up your own * * * in embarrassment . 
train_neg1782 the concept behind kung pow : enter the fist is hilarious . it's too bad nothing else is . 
train_neg1783 interesting and thoroughly unfaithful version of carmen
train_neg1784 i couldn't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy . 
train_neg1785 what madonna does here can't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it's moving and it's talking and it's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once . 
train_neg1786 [a] painfully flat gross-out comedy . . . 
train_neg1787 even if you're an elvis person , you won't find anything to get excited about on this dvd . 
train_neg1788 the movie certainly has its share of clever moments and biting dialogue , but there's just not much lurking below its abstract surface . 
train_neg1789 it's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction . 
train_neg1790 the tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life . 
train_neg1791 obviously , a lot of people wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential . 
train_neg1792 there's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do joan and philip's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery . 
train_neg1793 it drowns in sap . 
train_neg1794 deliberately and devotedly constructed , far from heaven is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate . 
train_neg1795 i'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment . there's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease . 
train_neg1796 the good thing -- the only good thing -- about extreme ops is that it's so inane that it gave me plenty of time to ponder my thanksgiving to-do list . 
train_neg1797 the modern-day characters are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones . 
train_neg1798 uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth . 
train_neg1799 director jay russell stomps in hobnail boots over natalie babbitt's gentle , endearing 1975 children's novel . 
train_neg1800 with its paint fights , motorized scooter chases and dewy-eyed sentiment , it's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés . 
train_neg1801 a rote exercise in both animation and storytelling . 
train_neg1802 the material and the production itself are little more than routine . 
train_neg1803 the movie's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and it's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had . 
train_neg1804 it's all surface psychodramatics . 
train_neg1805 the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece . 
train_neg1806 that frenetic spectacle [on the tv show] has usually been leavened by a charm that's conspicuously missing from the girls' big-screen blowout . 
train_neg1807 kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera . 
train_neg1808 for all the time we spend with these people , we never really get inside of them . 
train_neg1809 yet another arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents . 
train_neg1810 sandra bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ain't- she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff . 
train_neg1811 an undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic . 
train_neg1812 too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay . 
train_neg1813 there is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time . 
train_neg1814 a wordy wisp of a comedy . 
train_neg1815 the sweetest thing is expressly for idiots who don't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance . 
train_neg1816 it made me realize that we really haven't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since . . . well . . . since last week's reign of fire . 
train_neg1817 some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like ballistic : ecks vs . sever , were made for the palm screen . 
train_neg1818 seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it's a sad , sick sight . 
train_neg1819 it's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly . 
train_neg1820 there are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple doesn't mean you have to check your brain at the door . the same should go for movie theaters . 
train_neg1821 seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian's inane ramblings , stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr . drew barrymore . 
train_neg1822 the film tries to touch on spousal abuse but veers off course and becomes just another revenge film . 
train_neg1823 as it stands it's an opera movie for the buffs . 
train_neg1824 if only it were , well , funnier . 
train_neg1825 its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who hasn't been living under a rock ( since sept . 11 ) . 
train_neg1826 like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through , the characters in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover . 
train_neg1827 one big blustery movie where nothing really happens . when it comes out on video , then it's the perfect cure for insomnia . 
train_neg1828 the rollerball sequences feel sanitised and stagey . 
train_neg1829 roman polanski directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion . 
train_neg1830 lan yu is certainly a serviceable melodrama , but it doesn't even try for the greatness that happy together shoots for ( and misses ) . 
train_neg1831 this is an action movie with an action icon who's been all but decommissioned . 
train_neg1832 even if it is generally amusing from time to time , i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have . 
train_neg1833 much like robin williams , death to smoochy has already reached its expiration date . 
train_neg1834 an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere . 
train_neg1835 a tired , unnecessary retread . . . a stale copy of a picture that wasn't all that great to begin with . 
train_neg1836 a worthy idea , but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school tv special . 
train_neg1837 twenty years later , reggio still knows how to make a point with poetic imagery , but his ability to startle has been stifled by the very prevalence of the fast-forward technology that he so stringently takes to task . 
train_neg1838 we have an actor who is great fun to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting . 
train_neg1839 despite hoffman's best efforts , wilson remains a silent , lumpish cipher ; his encounters reveal nothing about who he is or who he was before . 
train_neg1840 there's a thin line between likably old-fashioned and fuddy-duddy , and the count of monte cristo . . . never quite settles on either side . 
train_neg1841 the emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down . 
train_neg1842 while some of the camera work is interesting , the film's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work . 
train_neg1843 the origin story is well told , and the characters will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books . it's in the action scenes that things fall apart . 
train_neg1844 impostor is a step down for director gary fleder . 
train_neg1845 lacks dramatic punch and depth . 
train_neg1846 there are moments of real pleasure to be found in sara sugarman's whimsical comedy very annie-mary but not enough to sustain the film . 
train_neg1847 i can analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin' down . 
train_neg1848 sadly , 'garth' hasn't progressed as nicely as 'wayne . '
train_neg1849 here's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior . 
train_neg1850 sweet home alabama is one dumb movie , but its stupidity is so relentlessly harmless that it almost wins you over in the end . 
train_neg1851 [green is] the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i'm just about ready to go to the u . n . and ask permission for a preemptive strike . 
train_neg1852 a vile , incoherent mess . . . a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg's brilliant 'videodrome . '
train_neg1853 murphy and wilson actually make a pretty good team . . . but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote . 
train_neg1854 despite its raucous intent , xxx is as conventional as a nike ad and as rebellious as spring break . 
train_neg1855 it is one more celluloid testimonial to the cruelties experienced by southern blacks as distilled through a caucasian perspective . 
train_neg1856 a small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) . 
train_neg1857 an amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise shot on ugly digital video . 
train_neg1858 the holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot . 
train_neg1859 unofficially , national lampoon's van wilder is son of animal house . officially , it is twice as bestial but half as funny . 
train_neg1860 will be far more interesting to the soderbergh faithful than it will be to the casual moviegoer who might be lured in by julia roberts . . . 
train_neg1861 control-alt-delete simone as quickly as possible
train_neg1862 follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun . 
train_neg1863 the filmmaker ascends , literally , to the olympus of the art world , but he would have done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster . 
train_neg1864 the screenplay comes across , rather unintentionally , as hip-hop scooby-doo . 
train_neg1865 has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies . . . 
train_neg1866 vaguely interesting , but it's just too too much . 
train_neg1867  . . . no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch . 
train_neg1868 a generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set . 
train_neg1869 kurys seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business . 
train_neg1870 a manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse . 
train_neg1871  . . . pays tribute to heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards--with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism . 
train_neg1872 time stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable . 
train_neg1873 as a director , eastwood is off his game -- there's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot 'surprises' are really surprising . 
train_neg1874 eccentric enough to stave off doldrums , caruso's self-conscious debut is also eminently forgettable . 
train_neg1875 a puzzle whose pieces do not fit . some are fascinating and others are not , and in the end , it is almost a good movie . 
train_neg1876 the good is very , very good . . . the rest runs from mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful . 
train_neg1877 'butterfingered' is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach . 
train_neg1878 an inexperienced director , mehta has much to learn . 
train_neg1879 a limp eddie murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of . 
train_neg1880 dramatically lackluster . 
train_neg1881 a gushy episode of " m * a * s * h " only this time from an asian perspective . 
train_neg1882 definitely in the guilty pleasure b-movie category , reign of fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable . 
train_neg1883 good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like clueless does south fork . 
train_neg1884 this is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout . even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life , the mood remains oddly detached . 
train_neg1885 no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest 'tron' anderson , seems entirely improvised . 
train_neg1886 a timid , soggy near miss . 
train_neg1887 to the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore . 
train_neg1888 this version of h . g . wells' time machine was directed by h . g . wells' great-grandson . they should have found orson welles' great-grandson . 
train_neg1889 shunji iwai's all about lily chou chou is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in japan . 
train_neg1890 thriller directorial debut for traffic scribe gaghan has all the right parts , but the pieces don't quite fit together . 
train_neg1891  . . . would be a total loss if not for two supporting performances taking place at the movie's edges . 
train_neg1892 though harris is affecting at times , he cannot overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities . 
train_neg1893 the documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc . -- to do the subject matter justice . 
train_neg1894 the movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart . 
train_neg1895 shankman . . . and screenwriter karen janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story . 
train_neg1896 a negligible british comedy . 
train_neg1897 fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers . 
train_neg1898 stay away . far away . 
train_neg1899 skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you're sure to get more out of the latter experience . 
train_neg1900 what can one say about a balding 50-year-old actor playing an innocent boy carved from a log ? 
train_neg1901 her film is like a beautiful food entrée that isn't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless . 
train_neg1902 like the world of his film , hartley created a monster but didn't know how to handle it . 
train_neg1903 in the end , there isn't much to it . 
train_neg1904 a waste of fearless purity in the acting craft . 
train_neg1905 disreputable doings and exquisite trappings are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances . 
train_neg1906 you could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time . 
train_neg1907 yet another entry in the sentimental oh-those-wacky-brits genre that was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash hit . 
train_neg1908 for those for whom the name woody allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , hollywood ending is a depressing experience
train_neg1909 femme fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience . are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue ? 
train_neg1910 it could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director clare peploe's misunderstanding of marivaux's rhythms , and mira sorvino's limitations as a classical actress . 
train_neg1911 like being trapped inside a huge video game , where exciting , inane images keep popping past your head and the same illogical things keep happening over and over again . 
train_neg1912 should have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor . 
train_neg1913 everything was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had . 
train_neg1914 director david fincher and writer david koepp can't sustain it . 
train_neg1915 finally coming down off of miramax's deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts , waking up in reno makes a strong case for letting sleeping dogs lie . 
train_neg1916 a movie that feels like the pilot episode of a new teen-targeted action tv series . 
train_neg1917 the animation and backdrops are lush and inventive , yet return to neverland never manages to take us to that elusive , lovely place where we suspend our disbelief . 
train_neg1918 director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great . 
train_neg1919 the thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes ( of which they'll get plenty ) fills me with revulsion . 
train_neg1920 a grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone's crazy french grandfather . 
train_neg1921 the script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters . 
train_neg1922 both overstuffed and undernourished . . . the film can't be called a solid success , although there's plenty of evidence here to indicate clooney might have better luck next time . 
train_neg1923 [taylor] takes us on a ride that's consistently surprising , easy to watch -- but , oh , so dumb . 
train_neg1924 lazily directed by charles stone iii . . . from a leaden script by matthew cirulnick and novelist thulani davis . 
train_neg1925 though jones and snipes are enthralling , the movie bogs down in rhetoric and cliché . 
train_neg1926 the pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs . 
train_neg1927 one senses in world traveler and in his earlier film that freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact . 
train_neg1928 the obligatory break-ups and hook-ups don't seem to have much emotional impact on the characters . 
train_neg1929 hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old's suicidal poetry . 
train_neg1930 the concept is a hoot . the trailer is a riot . the movie is a dud . 
train_neg1931 some stunning visuals -- and some staggeringly boring cinema . 
train_neg1932 these characters become wearisome . 
train_neg1933 a hit- and-miss affair , consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny as cho may have intended or as imaginative as one might have hoped . 
train_neg1934 this may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar . 
train_neg1935 kim ki-deok seems to have in mind an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested . 
train_neg1936 contrived pastiche of caper clichés . 
train_neg1937 many shallower movies these days seem too long , but this one is egregiously short . 
train_neg1938 the most ill-conceived animated comedy since the 1991 dog rover dangerfield . 
train_neg1939 like shave ice without the topping , this cinematic snow cone is as innocuous as it is flavorless . 
train_neg1940 yet another movie which presumes that high school social groups are at war , let alone conscious of each other's existence . 
train_neg1941 loud , chaotic and largely unfunny . 
train_neg1942 i can't remember the last time i saw an audience laugh so much during a movie , but there's only one problem…it's supposed to be a drama . 
train_neg1943 qualities that were once amusing are becoming irritating . 
train_neg1944 bread , my sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it . it may even fall into the category of films you love to hate . i admit it , i hate to like it . 
train_neg1945 frida is certainly no disaster , but neither is it the kahlo movie frida fans have been looking for . 
train_neg1946 the characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we don't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament . 
train_neg1947 kapur weighs down the tale with bogus profundities . 
train_neg1948 trouble every day is a success in some sense , but it's hard to like a film so cold and dead . 
train_neg1949 a plodding look at the french revolution through the eyes of aristocrats . 
train_neg1950 tom shadyac has learned a bit more craft since directing adams , but he still lingers over every point until the slowest viewer grasps it . 
train_neg1951 any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors . 
train_neg1952  . . . while the humor aspects of 'jason x' were far more entertaining than i had expected , everything else about the film tanks . 
train_neg1953 the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that's where this film should have remained . 
train_neg1954 a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions . 
train_neg1955 a collage of clichés and a dim echo of allusions to other films . 
train_neg1956 the film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters . 
train_neg1957 arty gay film . 
train_neg1958 an excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay . 
train_neg1959 incoherence reigns . 
train_neg1960 the somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment . 
train_neg1961 the filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they won't much care about . 
train_neg1962 this strenuously unfunny showtime deserves the hook . 
train_neg1963 the whole thing's fairly lame , making it par for the course for disney sequels . 
train_neg1964  . . . the good and different idea [of middle-aged romance] is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances , there is little else to recommend " never again . " 
train_neg1965 if disney's cinderella proved that 'a dream is a wish your heart makes , ' then cinderella ii proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio's wallet makes . 
train_neg1966 nothing about this movie works . 
train_neg1967 if the idea of the white man arriving on foreign shores to show wary natives the true light is abhorrent to you , the simplistic heaven will quite likely be more like hell . 
train_neg1968 a spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged . 
train_neg1969 none of birthday girl's calculated events take us by surprise . . . 
train_neg1970 are monsters born , or made ? 
train_neg1971 lisa rinzler's cinematography may be lovely , but love liza's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension . 
train_neg1972 the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard . 
train_neg1973 it's exactly the kind of movie toback's detractors always accuse him of making . 
train_neg1974 with the dog days of august upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity . 
train_neg1975 less about shakespeare than the spawn of fools who saw quentin tarantino's handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations . 
train_neg1976 the film is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables . 
train_neg1977 this rather unfocused , all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens . . . or if it were subtler . . . or if it had a sense of humor . 
train_neg1978 takes a clunky tv-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker . 
train_neg1979 not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest . 
train_neg1980 a shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable . 
train_neg1981 nearly every attempt at humor here is doa . 
train_neg1982 if you adored the full monty so resoundingly that you're dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting , then this should keep you reasonably entertained . 
train_neg1983 technically and artistically inept . 
train_neg1984 those who are only mildly curious , i fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals . 
train_neg1985 though tom shadyac's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance . 
train_neg1986 a long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral . 
train_neg1987 call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie , but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid . 
train_neg1988 priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal . 
train_neg1989 even with its $50-million us budget , pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture . 
train_neg1990 this is a third-person story now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it . 
train_neg1991 the filmmakers know how to please the eye , but it is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story . 
train_neg1992 written , flatly , by david kendall and directed , barely , by there's something about mary co-writer ed decter . 
train_neg1993 the characters are interesting and the relationship between yosuke and saeko is worth watching as it develops , but there's not enough to the story to fill two hours . 
train_neg1994 like being invited to a classy dinner soiree and not knowing anyone . you leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends . 
train_neg1995 it's depressing to see how far herzog has fallen . 
train_neg1996 the question hanging over the time machine is not , as the main character suggests , 'what if ? ' but rather , 'how can you charge money for this ? '
train_neg1997  " freaky friday , " it's not . 
train_neg1998 although no pastry is violated , this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success . 
train_neg1999 in this film , aussie david caesar channels the not-quite-dead career of guy ritchie . 
train_neg2000 narc can only remind us of brilliant crime dramas without becoming one itself . 
train_neg2001 somewhere inside the mess that is world traveler , there is a mediocre movie trying to get out . 
train_neg2002 a tedious parable about honesty and good sportsmanship . 
train_neg2003 its strengths and weaknesses play off each other virtually to a stand-off , with the unfortunate trump card being the dreary mid-section of the film . 
train_neg2004 an artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike . 
train_neg2005 the movie's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness . 
train_neg2006 a glossy knock-off of a b-movie revenge flick . 
train_neg2007 sad nonsense , this . but not without cheesy fun factor . 
train_neg2008 one of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time . 
train_neg2009 while the transgressive trappings ( especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull , rodrigues's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative . 
train_neg2010 the satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere . 
train_neg2011 they threw loads of money at an idea that should've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans . 
train_neg2012 reyes' directorial debut has good things to offer , but ultimately it's undone by a sloppy script
train_neg2013 if you're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver's license , you should be able to find better entertainment . 
train_neg2014 the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil . 
train_neg2015  . . . the picture's cleverness is ironically muted by the very people who are intended to make it shine . 
train_neg2016 never does " lilo & stitch " reach the emotion or timelessness of disney's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as " mulan " or " tarzan . " 
train_neg2017 one of those so-so films that could have been much better . 
train_neg2018 crossroads feels like a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama . 
train_neg2019 interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots . 
train_neg2020 it has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline . 
train_neg2021 less a heartfelt appeal for the handicapped than a nice belgian waffle . 
train_neg2022 abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed . the only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care . 
train_neg2023 while it may not add up to the sum of its parts , holofcener's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often . 
train_neg2024 an overwrought taiwanese soaper about three people and their mixed-up relationship . 
train_neg2025 nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams . 
train_neg2026 schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that's enough to sustain laughs . . . 
train_neg2027 its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this isn't something to be taken seriously , but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare . 
train_neg2028 to say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor . 
train_neg2029 some fine acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being . 
train_neg2030 it's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting . 
train_neg2031 a waterlogged version of 'fatal attraction' for the teeny-bopper set . . . a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads . 
train_neg2032 it tells its story in a flat manner and leaves you with the impression that you should have gotten more out of it than you did . 
train_neg2033 sweet gentle jesus , did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ? 
train_neg2034 this is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm . 
train_neg2035 a loud , witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the tv series . 
train_neg2036 though it inspires some ( out-of-field ) creative thought , the film is -- to its own detriment -- much more a cinematic collage than a polemical tract . 
train_neg2037 as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved . 
train_neg2038 more of an intriguing curiosity than a gripping thriller . 
train_neg2039 the april 2002 instalment of the american war for independence , complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood . 
train_neg2040 rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along . 
train_neg2041 on a certain base level , blue crush delivers what it promises , just not well enough to recommend it . 
train_neg2042  . . . an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar . 
train_neg2043 wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and the sexuality is muted . 
train_neg2044 trapped presents a frightening and compelling 'what if ? ' scenario that will give most parents pause . . . . then , something terrible happens . 
train_neg2045 never having seen the first two films in the series , i can't compare friday after next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days . 
train_neg2046 the story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched . 
train_neg2047 it's a bad action movie because there's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring . 
train_neg2048 scooby-doo doesn't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick . 
train_neg2049 russell lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of sommers's title-bout features . 
train_neg2050 highly uneven and inconsistent . . . margarita happy hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within . 
train_neg2051 very stupid and annoying . 
train_neg2052 a listless and desultory affair . 
train_neg2053 how inept is serving sara ? it makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly . 
train_neg2054 wins my vote for 'the 2002 enemy of cinema' award . 
train_neg2055 any chekhov is better than no chekhov , but it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years . 
train_neg2056 lazy , miserable and smug . this is one of the biggest disappointments of the year . 
train_neg2057 every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable . there's no energy . 
train_neg2058 after the setup , the air leaks out of the movie , flattening its momentum with about an hour to go . 
train_neg2059 at three hours and with very little story or character development , there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue . 
train_neg2060 a bit too derivative to stand on its own as the psychological thriller it purports to be . 
train_neg2061 a crude teen-oriented variation on a theme that the playwright craig lucas explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his prelude to a kiss . 
train_neg2062 the film's darker moments become smoothed over by an overwhelming need to tender inspirational tidings , especially in the last few cloying moments . 
train_neg2063 if you recognize zeus ( the dog from snatch ) it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one . 
train_neg2064 abysmally pathetic
train_neg2065 shanghai ghetto should be applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story , but you might want to think twice before booking passage . 
train_neg2066 it's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness . 
train_neg2067 a cross between blow and boyz n the hood , this movie strives to be more , but doesn't quite get there . good performances keep it from being a total rehash . 
train_neg2068 the screenplay is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children . 
train_neg2069 it's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny . 
train_neg2070 does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny . 
train_neg2071 neither revelatory nor truly edgy--merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored . 
train_neg2072 fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur . 
train_neg2073 while howard's appreciation of brown and his writing is clearly well-meaning and sincere , the movie would be impossible to sit through were it not for the supporting cast . 
train_neg2074 a preposterous , prurient whodunit . 
train_neg2075 boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory , impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie . 
train_neg2076 predictable and cloying , though brown sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle . 
train_neg2077 the film is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own . 
train_neg2078 just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that's neither original nor terribly funny . 
train_neg2079 wanker goths are on the loose ! run for your lives ! 
train_neg2080 unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook . 
train_neg2081 presents a good case while failing to provide a reason for us to care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency . 
train_neg2082  . . . unbearably lame . 
train_neg2083 according to the script , grant and bullock's characters are made for each other . but you'd never guess that from the performances . 
train_neg2084 ararat feels like a book report
train_neg2085 a lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless . 
train_neg2086 an amalgam of the fugitive , blade runner , and total recall , only without much energy or tension . 
train_neg2087 the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing . 
train_neg2088 shows that jackie chan is getting older , and that's something i would rather live in denial about
train_neg2089 with miscast leads , banal dialogue and an absurdly overblown climax , killing me softly belongs firmly in the so-bad-it's-good camp . 
train_neg2090 alas , the black-and-white archival footage of their act showcases pretty mediocre shtick . 
train_neg2091 the slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat . 
train_neg2092 this is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks . 
train_neg2093 much of the digitally altered footage appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché . 
train_neg2094 the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale
train_neg2095 mark wahlberg . . . may look classy in a '60s-homage pokepie hat , but as a character he's dry , dry , dry . 
train_neg2096 if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it . if ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it . 
train_neg2097 with an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter , the improbable " formula 51 " is somewhat entertaining , but it could have been much stronger . 
train_neg2098 sandra bullock's best dramatic performance to date ( is ) almost enough to lift ( this ) thrill-kill cat-and-mouser . . . above its paint-by-numbers plot . 
train_neg2099 this mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost . 
train_neg2100 de niro cries . you'll cry for your money back . 
train_neg2101 [the kid's] just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow . 
train_neg2102 scherfig , who has had a successful career in tv , tackles more than she can handle . 
train_neg2103 just consider what new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay . 
train_neg2104 oscar caliber cast doesn't live up to material
train_neg2105 the problems of the people in love in the time of money are hardly specific to their era . they just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way . 
train_neg2106 carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders , chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , 'if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . '
train_neg2107 in the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate . 
train_neg2108 starts out ballsy and stylish but fails to keep it up and settles into clichés . 
train_neg2109 sometimes makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates . 
train_neg2110 one of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation . 
train_neg2111 there's only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies . 
train_neg2112 the movie is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive . 
train_neg2113 resident evil is what comes from taking john carpenter's ghosts of mars and eliminating the beheadings . in other words , about as bad a film you're likely to see all year . 
train_neg2114 the whole thing comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break . 
train_neg2115 well made but uninvolving , bloodwork isn't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery . 
train_neg2116 la de salma es una versión de frida superficial , preciosista y sin ningún contenido . 
train_neg2117 it's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who doesn't think about percentages all day long . 
train_neg2118 ken russell would love this . in one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino's climactic shootout — and meat loaf explodes . 
train_neg2119 bella is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies . this is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer . 
train_neg2120 the premise of " abandon " holds promise , . . . but its delivery is a complete mess . 
train_neg2121 the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted needn't waste their time on it . 
train_neg2122 the lousy john q all but spits out denzel washington's fine performance in the title role . 
train_neg2123 the film is so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film . 
train_neg2124 opera on film is never satisfactory . the art demands live viewing . the innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen . 
train_neg2125 despite all the closed-door hanky-panky , the film is essentially juiceless . 
train_neg2126 it's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay . 
train_neg2127 terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing . . . the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable . 
train_neg2128 a low-rent retread of the alien pictures . 
train_neg2129 serviceable at best , slightly less than serviceable at worst . 
train_neg2130 a big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on . 
train_neg2131 the merchant-ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage . 
train_neg2132 what should have been a cutting hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week's issue of variety . 
train_neg2133 dense and enigmatic . . . elusive . . . stagy and stilted
train_neg2134 [t]his slop doesn't even have potential as a cult film , as it's too loud to shout insults at the screen . 
train_neg2135  . . . may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence . this scarlet's letter is a . . . as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary . 
train_neg2136 plays like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp . 
train_neg2137 the central character isn't complex enough to hold our interest . 
train_neg2138 a modestly comic , modestly action-oriented world war ii adventure that , in terms of authenticity , is one of those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight . 
train_neg2139 a puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks . 
train_neg2140 just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be . 
train_neg2141 a little less extreme than in the past , with longer exposition sequences between them , and with fewer gags to break the tedium . 
train_neg2142 there's a heavy stench of 'been there , done that' hanging over the film . it's everything you'd expect -- but nothing more . 
train_neg2143 the biggest problem with satin rouge is lilia herself . she's a cipher , played by an actress who smiles and frowns but doesn't reveal an inner life . 
train_neg2144 a quaint , romanticized rendering . 
train_neg2145 what with the incessant lounge music playing in the film's background , you may mistake love liza for an adam sandler chanukah song . 
train_neg2146 the movie's heavy-handed screenplay navigates a fast fade into pomposity and pretentiousness . 
train_neg2147 a potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted . 
train_neg2148 she's not yet an actress , not quite a singer . . . 
train_neg2149 not a bad premise , but the execution is lackluster at best . 
train_neg2150 been there done that . 
train_neg2151 there is only so much baked cardboard i need to chew . 
train_neg2152 a movie like the guys is why film criticism can be considered work . 
train_neg2153 schnitzler's film has a great hook , some clever bits and well-drawn , if standard issue , characters , but is still only partly satisfying . 
train_neg2154 even if it made its original release date last fall , it would've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness . 
train_neg2155 only two-fifths of a satisfying movie experience . 
train_neg2156 a loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target . 
train_neg2157 unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters , the reginald hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs . 
train_neg2158 this romantic/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in . 
train_neg2159 squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations , burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare . 
train_neg2160 there's a neat twist , subtly rendered , that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes , but kang tacks on three or four more endings . 
train_neg2161 the actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen . 
train_neg2162 if this silly little cartoon can inspire a few kids not to grow up to be greedy bastards , more power to it . 
train_neg2163 if there's a heaven for bad movies , deuces wild is on its way . 
train_neg2164 what's missing in murder by numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens' deviant behaviour . being latently gay and liking to read are hardly enough . 
train_neg2165 horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it isn't incomprehensible . 
train_neg2166 a movie that harps on media-constructed 'issues' like whether compromise is the death of self… this orgasm [won't be an] exceedingly memorable one for most people . 
train_neg2167 slackers' jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic -- the film's biggest problem -- and there are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by . 
train_neg2168 if festival in cannes nails hard- boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing . 
train_neg2169 i haven't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered . 
train_neg2170 a horrible , 99-minute stink bomb . 
train_neg2171 the film is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil . 
train_neg2172 her fans walked out muttering words like " horrible " and " terrible , " but had so much fun dissing the film that they didn't mind the ticket cost . in this case zero . 
train_neg2173 it jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier . 
train_neg2174 how i killed my father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you're watching an iceberg melt -- only it never melts . 
train_neg2175 when it comes to the battle of hollywood vs . woo , it looks like woo's a p . o . w . 
train_neg2176 the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film . 
train_neg2177 it's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast . 
train_neg2178 content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance . 
train_neg2179 the movie turns out to be [assayas'] homage to the gallic 'tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness . 
train_neg2180 it's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread . 
train_neg2181 neither as scary-funny as tremors nor demented-funny as starship troopers , the movie isn't tough to take as long as you've paid a matinee price . 
train_neg2182 what might've been an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle becomes a sprawl of uncoordinated vectors . 
train_neg2183 it's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere . 
train_neg2184 boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect . 
train_neg2185 it's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic . unfortunately , that's precisely what arthur dong's family fundamentals does . 
train_neg2186 something must have been lost in the translation . 
train_neg2187 becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film : boring . 
train_neg2188 in the end , the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses . 
train_neg2189 chan's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy . 
train_neg2190 rock's stand-up magic wanes . hopkins , squarely fills the screen . action - mechanical . 
train_neg2191  " the tuxedo " should have been the vehicle for chan that " the mask " was for jim carrey . alas , it's the man that makes the clothes . 
train_neg2192 for casual moviegoers who stumble into rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson's creek , they'll probably run out screaming . 
train_neg2193 what puzzles me is the lack of emphasis on music in britney spears' first movie . 
train_neg2194 plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king . 
train_neg2195 there ain't a lot more painful than an unfunny movie that thinks it's hilarious . 
train_neg2196 what a pity . . . that the material is so second-rate . 
train_neg2197 doesn't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films . 
train_neg2198 the kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly executed idea . 
train_neg2199 nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of elizabeth hurley's breasts -- is authentic . 
train_neg2200 mostly , shafer and co-writer gregory hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor . 
train_neg2201 no cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare called ces wild . 
train_neg2202 eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm doesn't do a load of good . 
train_neg2203 there's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes . 
train_neg2204 there's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids' movie . . . that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups . 
train_neg2205 like many such biographical melodramas , it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories . 
train_neg2206 there is nothing redeeming about this movie . 
train_neg2207 the film has [its] moments , but they are few and far between . 
train_neg2208 a dreary indulgence . 
train_neg2209 i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great . . . i'm not , and then i realized that i just didn't care . 
train_neg2210 deserves high marks for political courage but barely gets by on its artistic merits . 
train_neg2211  . . . comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental . 
train_neg2212 a film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact . 
train_neg2213 to me , it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy . 
train_neg2214 [a] crushing disappointment . 
train_neg2215 how can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ? in truth , it has all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) . 
train_neg2216 nicks and steinberg match their own creations for pure venality -- that's giving it the old college try . 
train_neg2217 [denis'] bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product . 
train_neg2218 the mantra behind the project seems to have been 'it's just a kids' flick . ' translation : 'we don't need to try very hard . '
train_neg2219 in all the annals of the movies , few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant . 
train_neg2220 there's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces . 
train_neg2221 a cockeyed shot all the way . 
train_neg2222 lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) , but ultimately you'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered . 
train_neg2223 unfortunately , one hour photo lives down to its title . thanks largely to williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film . 
train_neg2224 cold , sterile and lacking any color or warmth . 
train_neg2225 the film is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold . 
train_neg2226 seems like someone going through the motions . 
train_neg2227 for a film about explosions and death and spies , " ballistic : ecks vs . sever " seems as safe as a children's film . well , in some of those , the mother deer even dies . 
train_neg2228 impostor doesn't do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast . 
train_neg2229 wraps itself in the guise of a dark and quirky comedy , but it isn't as quirky as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally mean-spirited . 
train_neg2230 choppy , overlong documentary about 'the lifestyle . '
train_neg2231 one sloughs one's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot . 
train_neg2232 it's a fanboy 'what if ? ' brought to life on the big screen . 
train_neg2233 the story itself is actually quite vapid . 
train_neg2234 wait for pay per view or rental but don't dismiss barbershop out of hand . 
train_neg2235 a few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and jordan brady's direction is prosaic . 
train_neg2236 would've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film's predictable denouement . then nadia's birthday might not have been such a bad day after all . 
train_neg2237 nair just doesn't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy . 
train_neg2238 that neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition hardly matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks . 
train_neg2239 the project's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting . 
train_neg2240 in old-fashioned screenwriting parlance , ms . shreve's novel proved too difficult a text to 'lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast . 
train_neg2241 solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke
train_neg2242 stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little * * * * . no cute factor here… . not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise . 
train_neg2243 deep down , i realized the harsh reality of my situation : i would leave the theater with a lower i . q . than when i had entered . 
train_neg2244 for its 100 minutes running time , you'll wait in vain for a movie to happen . 
train_neg2245 a faster paced family flick . upper teens may get cynical . smaller numbered kidlets will enjoy . 
train_neg2246 while this film has an 'a' list cast and some strong supporting players , the tale -- like its central figure , vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love . 
train_neg2247 most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river . 
train_neg2248 it's fitfully funny but never really takes off . 
train_neg2249 by halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , of course , feeling guilty for it . . . . then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop . 
train_neg2250 for all the complications , it's all surprisingly predictable . 
train_neg2251 if deuces wild had been tweaked up a notch it would have become a camp adventure , one of those movies that's so bad it starts to become good . but it wasn't . 
train_neg2252 for a film about action , ultimate x is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype . 
train_neg2253  . . . a low rate annie featuring some kid who can't act , only echoes of jordan , and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school . 
train_neg2254 the picture seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain . 
train_neg2255 a nearly 21/2 hours , the film is way too indulgent . 
train_neg2256 gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid . . . a curiously constricted epic . 
train_neg2257 it looks much more like a cartoon in the end than the simpsons ever has . 
train_neg2258 with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , personal velocity seems to be idling in neutral . 
train_neg2259 doesn't really add up to much . 
train_neg2260 it's better suited for the history or biography channel , but there's no arguing the tone of the movie - it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind . 
train_neg2261 an entertainment so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots . 
train_neg2262 borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion . 
train_neg2263 a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece . . . so dull that its tagline should be : 'in space , no one can hear you snore . '
train_neg2264 the characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience . 
train_neg2265 sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours . 
train_neg2266 too infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style . 
train_neg2267 the type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the [teen comedy] genre a bad name . 
train_neg2268 distinctly sub-par . . . more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine . 
train_neg2269 unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you're going to feel like you weren't invited to the party . 
train_neg2270 no film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population . 
train_neg2271 tale will be all too familiar for anyone who's seen george roy hill's 1973 film , " the sting . " 
train_neg2272 gets the look and the period trappings right , but it otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés . 
train_neg2273 the problem with the bread , my sweet is that it's far too sentimental . 
train_neg2274 a late-night cable sexploitation romp masquerading as a thriller about the ruthless social order that governs college cliques . 
train_neg2275 what might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen or mel brooks ( at least during their '70s heyday ) comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature . 
train_neg2276 despite slick production values and director roger michell's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours . 
train_neg2277 they do a good job of painting this family dynamic for the audience but they tried to squeeze too many elements into the film . 
train_neg2278 a supernatural mystery that doesn't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama . it ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors . 
train_neg2279 two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity . 
train_neg2280 it is so earnest , so overwrought and so wildly implausible that it begs to be parodied . 
train_neg2281 these are textbook lives of quiet desperation . 
train_neg2282 swimfan , like fatal attraction , eventually goes overboard with a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub . 
train_neg2283 claims to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem . 
train_neg2284 purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons . 
train_neg2285 feels like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together . 
train_neg2286 almost everything about the film is unsettling , from the preposterous hairpiece worn by lai's villainous father to the endless action sequences . 
train_neg2287 it follows the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes . 
train_neg2288 one can't shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney's latest album . 
train_neg2289 there's an epic here , but you have to put it together yourself . 
train_neg2290 what little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else . 
train_neg2291 tartakovsky's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality . 
train_neg2292 the most horrific movie experience i've had since " can't stop the music . " it may as well be called " jar-jar binks : the movie . " it's that painful . 
train_neg2293 god is great , the movie's not . 
train_neg2294 as original and insightful as last week's episode of behind the music . 
train_neg2295 despite the surface attractions -- conrad l . hall's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year -- there's something impressive and yet lacking about everything . 
train_neg2296 [crystal and de niro] manage to squeeze out some good laughs but not enough to make this silly con job sing . 
train_neg2297 worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames . 
train_neg2298 the christ allegory doesn't work because there is no foundation for it
train_neg2299 go for la salle's performance , and make do as best you can with a stuttering script . 
train_neg2300 i didn't find much fascination in the swinging . what they're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge . but that they are doing it is thought-provoking . 
train_neg2301 the acting is just fine , but there's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff . 
train_neg2302 ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok . 
train_neg2303 releasing a film with the word 'dog' in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and snow dogs deserves every single one of them . 
train_neg2304 tedious norwegian offering which somehow snagged an oscar nomination . 
train_neg2305 it was a dark and stormy night . . . 
train_neg2306 a dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment . 
train_neg2307 this sort of cute and cloying material is far from zhang's forte and it shows . 
train_neg2308 bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie . 
train_neg2309 freundlich's made [crudup] a suburban architect , and a cipher . 
train_neg2310 though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it's exploitive without being insightful . 
train_neg2311 aimed squarely at the least demanding of demographic groups : very small children who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters . 
train_neg2312 exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera . . . more salacious telenovela than serious drama . 
train_neg2313 while american adobo has its heart ( and its palate ) in the right place , its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even . 
train_neg2314  . . . a confusing drudgery . 
train_neg2315 it's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but it wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate . 
train_neg2316 directed by kevin bray , whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut . 
train_neg2317 turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film's characters
train_neg2318 high crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor , a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd . 
train_neg2319 hip-hop rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture . 
train_neg2320 a well-crafted letdown . 
train_neg2321 a dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise . 
train_neg2322 deserving of its critical backlash and more . 
train_neg2323 i'm all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business , but surely it doesn't have to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks . 
train_neg2324 many of benjamins' elements feel like they've been patched in from an episode of miami vice . 
train_neg2325 it aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one . 
train_neg2326 most folks with a real stake in the american sexual landscape will find it either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant . 
train_neg2327 if you're not fans of the adventues of steve and terri , you should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake . personally , i'd rather watch them on the animal planet . 
train_neg2328 cherish is a dud -- a romantic comedy that's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny . 
train_neg2329 the movie's gloomy atmosphere is fascinating , though , even if the movie itself doesn't stand a ghost of a chance . 
train_neg2330  . . . post-september 11 , " the sum of all fears " seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves . 
train_neg2331 no matter how you slice it , mark wahlberg and thandie newton are not hepburn and grant , two cinematic icons with chemistry galore . 
train_neg2332 godard's ode to tackling life's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess . . . in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that's unfocused and tediously exasperating . 
train_neg2333  . . . the efforts of its star , kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught . 
train_neg2334 a good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper cast , but never quite gets off the ground . 
train_neg2335 writer-director ritchie reduces wertmuller's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon . 
train_neg2336 about amy's cuteness , amy's career success ( she's a best-selling writer of self-help books who can't help herself ) , and amy's neuroses when it comes to men . 
train_neg2337 everything about girls can't swim , even its passages of sensitive observation , feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way . 
train_neg2338 feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake . 
train_neg2339 in my own very humble opinion , in praise of love lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works . 
train_neg2340 meandering and glacially paced , and often just plain dull . 
train_neg2341 a road trip that will get you thinking , 'are we there yet ? '
train_neg2342 if there was any doubt that peter o'fallon didn't have an original bone in his body , a rumor of angels should dispel it . 
train_neg2343 what could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination . 
train_neg2344 the movie is like scorsese's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old 'juvenile delinquent' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot . 
train_neg2345 it isn't that stealing harvard is a horrible movie—if only it were that grand a failure ! it's just that it's so not-at-all-good . and i expect much more from a talent as outstanding as director bruce mcculloch . 
train_neg2346 the leads are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer's secondhand material . 
train_neg2347 the script ? please . 
train_neg2348 not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired . 
train_neg2349 plays like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas . 
train_neg2350 like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery . 
train_neg2351 displays the potential for a better movie than what bailly manages to deliver
train_neg2352 so exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming . 
train_neg2353 the latest vapid actor's exercise to appropriate the structure of arthur schnitzler's reigen . 
train_neg2354 snipes is both a snore and utter tripe . 
train_neg2355 ritchie's film is easier to swallow than wertmuller's polemical allegory , but it's self-defeatingly decorous . 
train_neg2356 chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly . 
train_neg2357 rosenthal ( halloween ii ) seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense . 
train_neg2358 even murphy's expert comic timing and famed charisma can't rescue this effort . 
train_neg2359 rodriguez . . . was unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight . 
train_neg2360 this isn't a terrible film by any means , but it's also far from being a realized work . 
train_neg2361 apparently , romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just doesn't figure in the present hollywood program . 
train_neg2362 depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived . only masochistic moviegoers need apply . 
train_neg2363 a movie that's held captive by mediocrity . not bad , but not all that good . bacon keeps things interesting , but don't go out of your way to pay full price . 
train_neg2364 what's next ? rob schneider , dana carvey and sarah michelle gellar in the philadelphia story ? david spade as citizen kane ? 
train_neg2365 the problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay . 
train_neg2366 it's a frankenstein-monster of a film that doesn't know what it wants to be . 
train_neg2367 upper west sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute . 
train_neg2368 on its icy face , the new film is a subzero version of monsters , inc . , without the latter's imagination , visual charm or texture . 
train_neg2369 after a while , the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky . 
train_neg2370 we get light showers of emotion a couple of times , but then -- strangely -- these wane to an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle . 
train_neg2371 summer's far too fleeting to squander on offal like this . 
train_neg2372 the film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one . 
train_neg2373 often lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time is it there ? into how long is this movie ? 
train_neg2374 too bad kramer couldn't make a guest appearance to liven things up . 
train_neg2375 deuces wild is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence . 
train_neg2376 epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star . 
train_neg2377 a dull , dumb and derivative horror film . 
train_neg2378 an awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism . 
train_neg2379 demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake , but he can't disguise that he's spiffing up leftovers that aren't so substantial or fresh . 
train_neg2380 these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation . 
train_neg2381 the fact that the 'best part' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of demme's good films doesn't bode well for the rest of it . 
train_neg2382 the sequel is everything the original was not : contrived , overblown and tie-in ready . 
train_neg2383 a sentimental hybrid that could benefit from the spice of specificity . 
train_neg2384 give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions , but there's nothing here that they couldn't have done in half an hour . 
train_neg2385 a little objectivity could have gone a long way . 
train_neg2386 one of the worst films of 2002 . 
train_neg2387 mctiernan's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious . 
train_neg2388 the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me . 
train_neg2389 this ludicrous film is predictable at every turn . 
train_neg2390 an incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people . . . manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy . 
train_neg2391 instead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the x games , we get a cinematic postcard that's superficial and unrealized . 
train_neg2392 i wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways . 
train_neg2393 the film doesn't really care about the thousands of americans who die hideously , it cares about how ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the cia . 
train_neg2394 after an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be , you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be . 
train_neg2395 'linklater fans , or pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde will suck up to this project . . . '
train_neg2396 a woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai's vaunted empathy . 
train_neg2397 screenwriter chris ver weil's directing debut is good-natured and never dull , but its virtues are small and easily overshadowed by its predictability . 
train_neg2398 if you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you're far better served by the source material . 
train_neg2399 like its title character , esther kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating . 
train_neg2400 a summary of the plot doesn't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution . 
train_neg2401 every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here . 
train_neg2402 snoots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like 'masterpiece' and 'triumph' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers' time with a gobbler like this . 
train_neg2403 any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things . 
train_neg2404 if legendary shlockmeister ed wood had ever made a movie about a vampire , it probably would look a lot like this alarming production , adapted from anne rice's novel the vampire chronicles . 
train_neg2405 interminably bleak , to say nothing of boring . 
train_neg2406 things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content . 
train_neg2407 it's difficult to discern if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of post-adolescent electra rebellion . 
train_neg2408 the camera whirls ! the camera twirls ! oh , look at that clever angle ! wow , a jump cut ! 
train_neg2409 demme finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack . 
train_neg2410 it puts washington , as honest working man john q . archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher . 
train_neg2411 [gayton's script] telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience . 
train_neg2412 a ragbag of cliches . 
train_neg2413 a reality-snubbing hodgepodge . 
train_neg2414 it's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but the result is more puzzling than unsettling . 
train_neg2415 short and sweet , but also more than anything else slight… tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations . 
train_neg2416 what more can be expected from a college comedy that's target audience hasn't graduated from junior high school ? 
train_neg2417 collateral damage offers formula payback and the big payoff , but the explosions tend to simply hit their marks , pyro-correctly . 
train_neg2418 the plan to make enough into ‘an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller' has flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong . 
train_neg2419 instead of letting the laughs come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick . 
train_neg2420 the whole thing plays like a tired tyco ad . 
train_neg2421 the film doesn't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal . 
train_neg2422 the soupy end result has the odd distinction of being playful without being fun , too . 
train_neg2423 no , i don't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money . 
train_neg2424 even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor , sorority boys is a bowser . 
train_neg2425 we can't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie . unfortunately , we'd prefer a simple misfire . 
train_neg2426 there isn't one moment in the film that surprises or delights . 
train_neg2427 the secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again . 
train_neg2428 smug , artificial , ill-constructed and fatally overlong . . . it never finds a consistent tone and lacks bite , degenerating into a pious , preachy soap opera . 
train_neg2429 comes across as a fairly weak retooling . 
train_neg2430 the lousy lead performances . . . keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired . 
train_neg2431 earnest and heartfelt but undernourished and plodding . 
train_neg2432 a sugar-coated rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks . 
train_neg2433 has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital . 
train_neg2434 [allen's] been making piffle for a long while , and hollywood ending may be his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now . 
train_neg2435 an exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound . 
train_neg2436 mildly amusing . 
train_neg2437 not good enough to pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans . 
train_neg2438 the movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it weren't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension . 
train_neg2439 the scriptwriters are no less a menace to society than the film's characters . 
train_neg2440 fairly run-of-the-mill . 
train_neg2441 merchant hasn't directed this movie so much as produced it -- like sausage . 
train_neg2442 the film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is . 
train_neg2443 more a gunfest than a rock concert . 
train_neg2444 it's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni . 
train_neg2445 a muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations . it makes me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here . 
train_neg2446 it's not original enough . 
train_neg2447 terrible . 
train_neg2448 degenerates into hogwash . 
train_neg2449 a generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it isn't merely offensive . 
train_neg2450 julie davis is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego doesn't always go hand in hand with talent . 
train_neg2451 so bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy . 
train_neg2452 i was sent a copyof this film to review on dvd . for free . i still want my money back . 
train_neg2453 it plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its " dead wife communicating from beyond the grave " framework is even remotely new or interesting . 
train_neg2454 it's hard to believe that a relationship like holly and marina's could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom , and its longevity gets more inexplicable as the characterizations turn more crassly reductive . 
train_neg2455 …passable enough for a shoot-out in the o . k . court house of life type of flick . strictly middle of the road . 
train_neg2456 after the first 10 minutes , which is worth seeing , the movie sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music . 
train_neg2457 a very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel . 
train_neg2458  " feardotcom " has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel , but it simply becomes a routine shocker . 
train_neg2459 formula 51 promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip . 
train_neg2460 everything that was right about blade is wrong in its sequel . 
train_neg2461 a few energetic stunt sequences briefly enliven the film , but the wheezing terrorist subplot hasn't the stamina for the 100-minute running time , and the protagonists' bohemian boorishness mars the spirit of good clean fun . 
train_neg2462 the film was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one ( and no one ) . 
train_neg2463 disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel . 
train_neg2464  coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock . 
train_neg2465 anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy . 
train_neg2466 they presume their audience won't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes . 
train_neg2467 collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence . 
train_neg2468 the following things are not at all entertaining : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy . 
train_neg2469 michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously . 
train_neg2470 ultimately , clarity matters , both in breaking codes and making movies . enigma lacks it . 
train_neg2471 potty-mouthed enough for pg-13 , yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults . 
train_neg2472 most of the movie is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement . 
train_neg2473 in the end , tuck everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in . 
train_neg2474 rather less than the sum of its underventilated père-fils confrontations . 
train_neg2475 mckay shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative . 
train_neg2476 amid the shock and curiosity factors , the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way . 
train_neg2477 an empty , ugly exercise in druggy trance-noir and trumped-up street credibility . 
train_neg2478 the screenplay , co-written by director imogen kimmel , lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing . 
train_neg2479 the milieu is wholly unconvincing . . . and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch . 
train_neg2480 will no doubt delight plympton's legion of fans ; others may find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting . 
train_neg2481 the laughs are as rare as snake foo yung . 
train_neg2482 for a film that celebrates radical , nonconformist values , what to do in case of fire ? lazily and glumly settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking . 
train_neg2483 mattei so completely loses himself to the film's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , love in the time of money . 
train_neg2484 it briefly flirts with player masochism , but the point of real interest -– audience sadism -- is evaded completely . 
train_neg2485 an impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle . 
train_neg2486 i liked the movie , but i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further . i'm left slightly disappointed that it didn't . 
train_neg2487 for a movie about the power of poetry and passion , there is precious little of either . 
train_neg2488 an unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film . 
train_neg2489 [screenwriter] pimental took the farrelly brothers comedy and feminized it , but it is a rather poor imitation . 
train_neg2490 it's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey . 
train_neg2491 friday after next is a lot more bluster than bite . 
train_neg2492 a decidedly mixed bag . 
train_neg2493 not everything in the film works , including its somewhat convenient ending . 
train_neg2494 the characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality . 
train_neg2495 hard as this may be to believe , here on earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film . 
train_neg2496 the pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie . and diesel isn't the actor to save it . 
train_neg2497  . . . a preachy parable stylized with a touch of john woo bullet ballet . 
train_neg2498 frank capra played this story straight . but the 2002 film doesn't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate 'comedy' scenes . 
train_neg2499 how about starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags on top of the same old crap ? 
train_neg2500 the problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull . 
train_neg2501 handled correctly , wilde's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice . here , alas , it collapses like an overcooked soufflé . 
train_neg2502  " sorority boys " was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad . 
train_neg2503 paul bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , but the movie is certainly not number 1 . 
train_neg2504 an uplifting drama . . . what antwone fisher isn't , however , is original . 
train_neg2505 elaborate special effects take centre screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side . 
train_neg2506 showtime isn't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again . 
train_neg2507 what's most offensive isn't the waste of a good cast , but the film's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism . 
train_neg2508 fans of plympton's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers . 
train_neg2509 barrels along at the start before becoming mired in sentimentality . 
train_neg2510 none of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any 'comedy' to ever spill from a projector's lens . 
train_neg2511 'punch-drunk love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you'd want to smash its face in . '
train_neg2512 while the production details are lavish , film has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how sand developed a notorious reputation . 
train_neg2513 a crass and insulting homage to great films like some like it hot and the john wayne classics . 
train_neg2514 the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up shum's good intentions . 
train_neg2515 has all the values of a straight-to-video movie , but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release . 
train_neg2516 with its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s . 
train_neg2517 mandel holland's direction is uninspired , and his scripting unsurprising , but the performances by phifer and black are ultimately winning . you'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie . 
train_neg2518 did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or did they not have the nerve to speak up ? 
train_neg2519 crummy
train_neg2520 seriously , rent the disney version . 
train_neg2521 as david letterman and the onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them . 
train_neg2522 like its parade of predecessors , this halloween is a gory slash-fest . it can't escape its past , and it doesn't want to . 
train_neg2523  " abandon " will leave you wanting to abandon the theater . 
train_neg2524 a live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action put together with the preteen boy in mind . 
train_neg2525 a loquacious and dreary piece of business . 
train_neg2526 meticulously mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant . 
train_neg2527 i'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche . 
train_neg2528 while serving sara does have a long way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest austin powers extravaganza , there's nothing here to match that movie's intermittent moments of inspiration . 
train_neg2529 i'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r . nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen . 
train_neg2530 whatever about warning kids about the dangers of ouija boards , someone should dispense the same advice to film directors . 
train_neg2531 as with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type , more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else . 
train_neg2532 the irwins' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts . 
train_neg2533 a man leaving the screening said the film was better than saving private ryan . he may have meant the internet short saving ryan's privates . but windtalkers doesn't beat that one , either . 
train_neg2534 those unfamiliar with mormon traditions may find the singles ward occasionally bewildering . 
train_neg2535 ritchie may not have a novel thought in his head , but he knows how to pose madonna . 
train_neg2536 the story , touching though it is , does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature , and even at 85 minutes it feels a bit long . 
train_neg2537 feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form . 
train_neg2538 while you have to admit it's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out " when you're a jet , you're a jet all the way , " it's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to " tonight . " 
train_neg2539 the whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it's trying to set the women's liberation movement back 20 years . 
train_neg2540 tv skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen . 
train_neg2541 [johnnie to and wai ka fai are] sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film's interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers . 
train_neg2542 despite some strong performances , never rises above the level of a telanovela . 
train_neg2543 the actors pull out all the stops in nearly every scene , but to diminishing effect . the characters never change . 
train_neg2544 if the last man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows . 
train_neg2545 welles groupie/scholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant william randolph hearst . 
train_neg2546 makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place . 
train_neg2547 wishy-washy . 
train_neg2548 screenwriter dan schneider and director shawn levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite . 
train_neg2549 that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year's worst cinematic tragedies . 
train_neg2550 rarely has a film's title served such dire warning . 
train_neg2551 the animation is competent , and some of the gags are quite funny , but jonah . . . never shakes the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment . 
train_neg2552 the pace of the film is very slow ( for obvious reasons ) and that too becomes off-putting . 
train_neg2553 mr . wollter and ms . seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear . 
train_neg2554 in his role of observer of the scene , lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature . 
train_neg2555 the film didn't convince me that calvin jr . 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago's south side . 
train_neg2556 despite some comic sparks , welcome to collinwood never catches fire . 
train_neg2557 director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place . 
train_neg2558 shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling . 
train_neg2559 all the small moments and flashbacks don't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition . 
train_neg2560 [a] stale retread of the '53 original . 
train_neg2561 one thing's for sure—if george romero had directed this movie , it wouldn't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head . 
train_neg2562 spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune , short of profound characterizations
train_neg2563 it wouldn't matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny . 
train_neg2564 the locale . . . remains far more interesting than the story at hand . 
train_neg2565 yo , it's the days of our lives meets electric boogaloo . 
train_neg2566 inconsequential road-and-buddy pic . 
train_neg2567 i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it's too long and it goes nowhere . 
train_neg2568 this little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it can't really be called animation . 
train_neg2569 hawke's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , doesn't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes . 
train_neg2570 real-life strongman ahola lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders . 
train_neg2571 the title , alone , should scare any sane person away . 
train_neg2572 appropriately cynical social commentary aside , #9 never quite ignites . 
train_neg2573 it's crap on a leash--far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante's similarly styled gremlins . 
train_neg2574 one of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called 'comedy' and not laugh once . 
train_neg2575 a loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy . 
train_neg2576 insufferably naive . 
train_neg2577 maid in manhattan proves that it's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies . 
train_neg2578 a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special . 
train_neg2579 i can't remember the last time i saw a movie where i wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail . 
train_neg2580 ill-considered , unholy hokum . 
train_neg2581 like most of jaglom's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand . 
train_neg2582 one long , numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff yuen has given us before . 
train_neg2583 the film's most improbable feat ? it didn't go straight to video . 
train_neg2584 it's not too fast and not too slow . it's not too racy and it's not too offensive . it's not too much of anything . 
train_neg2585 about as original as a gangster sweating bullets while worrying about a contract on his life . 
train_neg2586 we could have expected a little more human being , and a little less product . 
train_neg2587 becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that doesn't and a thriller that won't . 
train_neg2588 like a fish that's lived too long , austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places . 
train_neg2589 two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending . 
train_neg2590 shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom . 
train_neg2591 the story of trouble every day . . . is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult . 
train_neg2592 a movie to forget
train_neg2593 for all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture , the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2-hour running time . 
train_neg2594 enough is not a bad movie , just mediocre . the performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody . 
train_neg2595 the idea is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run . 
train_neg2596 a complete waste of time . 
train_neg2597 it's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby . 
train_neg2598 stale and clichéd to a fault . 
train_neg2599 this film is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own . 
train_neg2600 the script feels as if it started to explore the obvious voyeuristic potential of 'hypertime' but then backed off when the producers saw the grosses for spy kids . 
train_neg2601 starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it -- but filmmaker yvan attal quickly writes himself into a corner . 
train_neg2602 some like it hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny . 
train_neg2603 unfortunately , contrived plotting , stereotyped characters and woo's over-the-top instincts as a director undermine the moral dilemma at the movie's heart . 
train_neg2604 witless and utterly pointless . 
train_neg2605 represents something very close to the nadir of the thriller/horror genre . 
train_neg2606 visually sumptuous but intellectually stultifying . 
train_neg2607 as a feature-length film , it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character . 
train_neg2608 a sleep-inducing thriller with a single twist that everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away . 
train_neg2609 lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago . 
train_neg2610 'pocas ideas interesantes , un final pseudo místico que no corresponde al tono general del filme y que deja una sensación de inconformidad que hace pensar más de una vez si vale la pena ir a la taquilla y reclamar el precio del boleto . '
train_neg2611 instead of trying to bust some blondes , [diggs] should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad . 
train_neg2612 initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality and mystical tenderness becomes narrative expedience . 
train_neg2613 de ayala is required to supply too much of the energy in a film that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter . 
train_neg2614 dismally dull sci-fi comedy . 
train_neg2615 there's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits . 
train_neg2616 when one hears harry shearer is going to make his debut as a film director , one would hope for the best
train_neg2617 a singularly off-putting romantic comedy . 
train_neg2618 check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you don't want to think too much about what's going on . the movie does has some entertainment value - how much depends on how well you like chris rock . 
train_neg2619 a movie that seems motivated more by a desire to match mortarboards with dead poets society and good will hunting than by its own story . 
train_neg2620 director jay russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning . 
train_neg2621 there are many things that solid acting can do for a movie , but crafting something promising from a mediocre screenplay is not one of them . 
train_neg2622 at times , it actually hurts to watch . 
train_neg2623 the jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail . 
train_neg2624 [tries] to parody a genre that's already a joke in the united states . the movie is the equivalent of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay . 
train_neg2625 a beyond-lame satire , teddy bears' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor . 
train_neg2626 i've never seen ( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra's classic . . . 
train_neg2627 and people make fun of me for liking showgirls</> . 
train_neg2628 such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , you can't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production . 
train_neg2629 i'm convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking . 
train_neg2630 like mike is a slight and uninventive movie : like the exalted michael jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal . 
train_neg2631 there is nothing funny in this every-joke-has- been-told-a- thousand-times- before movie . 
train_neg2632 this is standard crime drama fare . . . instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull . 
train_neg2633 there's some outrageously creative action in the transporter . . . [b]ut by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck , it's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman . 
train_neg2634 from its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , bartleby squanders as much as it gives out . 
train_neg2635 yet another genre exercise , gangster no . 1 is as generic as its title . 
train_neg2636 there's an admirable rigor to jimmy's relentless anger , and to the script's refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there's no place for this story to go but down . 
train_neg2637 a lightweight , uneven action comedy that freely mingles french , japanese and hollywood cultures . 
train_neg2638 [a] slummer . 
train_neg2639 [allen's] best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-america diversions could ever be . 
train_neg2640 an ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting . 
train_neg2641 a disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate imax trip . 
train_neg2642 the film has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo . 
train_neg2643 the last three narcissists left on earth compete for each others' affections . 
train_neg2644 a clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film . . . 
train_neg2645 [a] poorly executed comedy . 
train_neg2646 what we have here isn't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down . 
train_neg2647 the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few . 
train_neg2648 a shoddy male hip hop fantasy filled with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and rocawear clothing . 
train_neg2649 this is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least . 
train_neg2650 scotland , pa is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept . 
train_neg2651 not only does leblanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes . 
train_neg2652 there's little to recommend snow dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity . 
train_neg2653 here the love scenes all end in someone screaming . maybe there's a metaphor here , but figuring it out wouldn't make trouble every day any better . 
train_neg2654 this is the first film i've ever seen that had no obvious directing involved . 
train_neg2655 fans of so-bad-they're-good cinema may find some fun in this jumbled mess . 
train_neg2656 weiss and speck never make a convincing case for the relevance of these two 20th-century footnotes . 
train_neg2657 was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ? 
train_neg2658 it goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots . 
train_neg2659 it's absolutely amazing how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan . make chan's action sequences boring . 
train_neg2660 'in this poor remake of such a well loved classic , parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
train_neg2661 it's the movie equivalent of a sweaty old guy in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn . 
train_neg2662 i found it slow , predictable and not very amusing . 
train_neg2663 viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who's who in this pretentious mess . 
train_neg2664 a pint-sized 'goodfellas' designed to appeal to the younger set , it's not a very good movie in any objective sense , but it does mostly hold one's interest . 
train_neg2665 get out your pooper-scoopers . 
train_neg2666 sheridan seems terrified of the book's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its élan , humor , bile , and irony . 
train_neg2667 more busy than exciting , more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining . 
train_neg2668  . . . really horrible drek . 
train_neg2669 the fourth in a series that i'll bet most parents had thought --hoped ! -- was a fad that had long since vanished . 
train_neg2670 its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary . 
train_neg2671 the holiday message of the 37-minute santa vs . the snowman leaves a lot to be desired . 
train_neg2672 more precious than perspicacious
train_neg2673 if you saw it on tv , you'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie . 
train_neg2674 if this is cinema , i pledge allegiance to cagney and lacey . 
train_neg2675 most of the characters come off as pantomimesque sterotypes . 
train_neg2676 while there's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo's dumbed-down tactics ) , much ado about something is an amicable endeavor . 
train_neg2677 it's actually too sincere -- the crime movie equivalent of a chick flick . 
train_neg2678 it's a documentary that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good . 
train_neg2679 an intriguing near-miss . 
train_neg2680 the movie's biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell . 
train_neg2681 like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior . . . circuit gets drawn into the party . 
train_neg2682 the result is good gossip , entertainingly delivered , yet with a distinctly musty odour , its expiry date long gone . 
train_neg2683 a sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer . 
train_neg2684 green ruins every single scene he's in , and the film , while it's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that . 
train_neg2685 there's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy . 
train_neg2686 the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , and the romance with ryder is puzzling . 
train_neg2687 pretend like your sat scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws . 
train_neg2688 a fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them . 
train_neg2689 an empty , purposeless exercise . 
train_neg2690 a sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait that is undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama . 
train_neg2691 those 24-and-unders looking for their own caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking . 
train_neg2692 a distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze . 
train_neg2693 what begins brightly gets bogged down over 140 minutes . 
train_neg2694 ultimately , jane learns her place as a girl , softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with . 
train_neg2695 feels like nothing quite so much as a middle-aged moviemaker's attempt to surround himself with beautiful , half-naked women . 
train_neg2696 when the precise nature of matthew's predicament finally comes into sharp focus , the revelation fails to justify the build-up . 
train_neg2697 this picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc's , despite a few whopping shootouts . 
train_neg2698 hilarious musical comedy though stymied by accents thick as mud . 
train_neg2699 if you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea . 
train_neg2700 a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets . 
train_neg2701 davis the performer is plenty fetching enough , but she needs to shake up the mix , and work in something that doesn't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine . 
train_neg2702 ultimately , the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad , and the too-frosty exterior ms . paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona is another liability . 
train_neg2703 a handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on pbs than a night out at an amc . 
train_neg2704 a reworking of die hard and cliffhanger but it's nowhere near as exciting as either . 
train_neg2705 a film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity . 
train_neg2706 spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but it lacks a strong narrative . 
train_neg2707 it stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie . their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it's just a weird fizzle . 
train_neg2708 the niftiest trick perpetrated by the importance of being earnest is the alchemical transmogrification of wilde into austen--and a hollywood-ized austen at that . 
train_neg2709 tykwer's surface flash isn't just a poor fit with kieslowski's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything kieslowski's work aspired to , including the condition of art . 
train_neg2710 ice age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies , and that makes for some glacial pacing early on . 
train_neg2711 a dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so . the movie is without intent . 
train_neg2712 while hollywood ending has its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) , the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity . 
train_neg2713  sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip . 
train_neg2714 allegiance to chekhov , which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard , is a particularly vexing handicap . 
train_neg2715 the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving . 
train_neg2716 replacing john carpenter's stylish tracking shots is degraded , handheld blair witch video-cam footage . of all the halloween's , this is the most visually unappealing . 
train_neg2717 despite its dry wit and compassion , the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing . 
train_neg2718 attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama . he seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither . 
train_neg2719 the only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants . . . who might be distracted by the movie's quick movements and sounds . 
train_neg2720 the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing . 
train_neg2721 no such thing breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina . 
train_neg2722 a wishy-washy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung , but explains its characters' decisions only unsatisfactorily . 
train_neg2723 a wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a mrs . robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women . 
train_neg2724 if anything , see it for karen black , who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named dirty dick . 
train_neg2725 this 90-minute dud could pass for mike tyson's e ! true hollywood story . 
train_neg2726 this is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio . 
train_neg2727 once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand , even the funniest idea isn't funny . 
train_neg2728 broder's screenplay is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs . 
train_neg2729 don michael paul uses quick-cuts , ( very ) large shadows and wide-angle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double ( for seagal ) . 
train_neg2730 for something as splendid-looking as this particular film , the viewer expects something special but instead gets [sci-fi] rehash . 
train_neg2731 a thriller without a lot of thrills . 
train_neg2732 this stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror . 
train_neg2733 ah , the travails of metropolitan life ! alas , another breathless movie about same ! 
train_neg2734 though uniformly well acted , especially by young ballesta and galan ( a first-time actor ) , writer/director achero manas's film is schematic and obvious . 
train_neg2735 though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations , the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should . 
train_neg2736 i suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd . 
train_neg2737 comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man . 
train_neg2738 it just goes to show , an intelligent person isn't necessarily an admirable storyteller . 
train_neg2739 in a 102-minute film , aaliyah gets at most 20 minutes of screen time . . . . most viewers will wish there had been more of the " queen " and less of the " damned . " 
train_neg2740 a mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it's the butt of its own joke . 
train_neg2741 director kevin bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the " miami vice " checklist of power boats , latin music and dog tracks . he doesn't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show's trademark style and flash . 
train_neg2742 in gleefully , thumpingly hyperbolic terms , it covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz . 
train_neg2743 according to wendigo , 'nature' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves . 
train_neg2744 adroit but finally a trifle flat , mad love doesn't galvanize its outrage the way , say , jane campion might have done , but at least it possesses some . 
train_neg2745 to blandly go where we went 8 movies ago . . . 
train_neg2746 a slow-moving police-procedural thriller that takes its title all too literally . 
train_neg2747 with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , [crane] becomes more specimen than character -- and auto focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report . 
train_neg2748 dull , a road-trip movie that's surprisingly short of both adventure and song . 
train_neg2749 after several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget . 
train_neg2750 a relatively effective little potboiler until its absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible finale . 
train_neg2751 adults will certainly want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like pinocchio . as for children , they won't enjoy the movie at all . 
train_neg2752 too bad writer-director adam rifkin situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle's carpets . 
train_neg2753 it's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another . 
train_neg2754 the movie obviously seeks to re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as jules verne's '20 , 000 leagues under the sea' and the george pal version of h . g . wells' 'the time machine . ' but its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless . 
train_neg2755 despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings . 
train_neg2756 a bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial for universal studios and its ancillary products . 
train_neg2757  . . little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as sci-fi generic . 
train_neg2758 the movie strains to stay on the light , comic side of the issue , despite the difficulty of doing so when dealing with the destruction of property and , potentially , of life itself . 
train_neg2759 the master of disguise is awful . it's pauly shore awful . don't say you weren't warned . 
train_neg2760 the entire movie is filled with deja vu moments . 
train_neg2761 what [frei] gives us . . . is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows . 
train_neg2762 an ugly , revolting movie . 
train_neg2763 the film is way too full of itself ; it's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way . 
train_neg2764 the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing i can say is that i can't remember a single name responsible for it . 
train_neg2765 watching " ending " is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor's garage sale . you can't believe anyone would really buy this stuff . 
train_neg2766 certainly beautiful to look at , but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic . 
train_neg2767 it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time . 
train_neg2768 the skills of a calculus major at m . i . t . are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ? 
train_neg2769 from the choppy editing to the annoying score to 'special effects' by way of replacing objects in a character's hands below the camera line , " besotted " is misbegotten
train_neg2770 directed in a flashy , empty sub-music video style by a director so self-possessed he actually adds a period to his first name
train_neg2771 the 70-year-old godard has become , to judge from in praise of love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large without doing all that much to correct them . 
train_neg2772 an unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously . 
train_neg2773 harvard man is a semi-throwback , a reminiscence without nostalgia or sentimentality . 
train_neg2774 supposedly based upon real , or at least soberly reported incidents , the film ends with a large human tragedy . alas , getting there is not even half the interest . 
train_neg2775 while hoffman's performance is great , the subject matter goes nowhere . 
train_neg2776 hart's war seems to want to be a character study , but apparently can't quite decide which character . 
train_neg2777 theological matters aside , the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues . 
train_neg2778 novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama . 
train_neg2779 been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called the professional . 
train_neg2780 the film is all over the place , really . it dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum . 
train_neg2781 the beautiful , unusual music is this film's chief draw , but its dreaminess may lull you to sleep . 
train_neg2782 the action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory . 
train_neg2783 forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining . 
train_neg2784 when [reno] lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w . bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al . , reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture . 
train_neg2785 burns' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off . 
train_neg2786 'es en verdad una pena que mandoki esté realizando cintas tan malas desde hace algún tiempo , pues talento tiene , pero quién sabe dónde lo tiene escondido . '
train_neg2787 while this one gets off with a good natured warning , future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
train_neg2788 too much of the movie feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story wouldn't work without all those gimmicks . 
train_neg2789 the ethos of the chelsea hotel may shape hawke's artistic aspirations , but he hasn't yet coordinated his own dv poetry with the beat he hears in his soul . 
train_neg2790 the sight of the name bruce willis brings to mind images of a violent battlefield action picture , but the film has a lot more on its mind--maybe too much . 
train_neg2791 why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ? 
train_neg2792 exploring value choices is a worthwhile topic for a film -- but here the choices are as contrived and artificial as kerrigan's platinum-blonde hair . 
train_neg2793 all mood and no movie . 
train_neg2794 press the delete key . 
train_neg2795 simone is not a bad film . it just doesn't have anything really interesting to say . 
train_neg2796  . . . hopefully it'll be at the dollar theatres by the time christmas rolls around . wait to see it then . 
train_neg2797 there's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer . or for the year , for that matter . 
train_neg2798 lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck . 
train_neg2799 this hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on hopkins' inclination to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book . 
train_neg2800 death to smoochy tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly -as-nasty -as-it- thinks-it-is joke . over and over again . 
train_neg2801 the film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class . 
train_neg2802 the film falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries . 
train_neg2803 at best this is a film for the under-7 crowd . but it would be better to wait for the video . and a very rainy day . 
train_neg2804 the whole talking-animal thing is grisly . 
train_neg2805 never again , while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction . 
train_neg2806 wouldn't it be funny if a bunch of allied soldiers went undercover as women in a german factory during world war ii ? um , no . but here's a movie about it anyway . 
train_neg2807 has not so much been written as assembled , frankenstein-like , out of other , marginally better shoot-em-ups . 
train_neg2808 the punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one . but death to smoochy keeps firing until the bitter end . 
train_neg2809 mushes the college-friends genre ( the big chill ) together with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap operas . 
train_neg2810 too daft by half . . . but supremely good natured . 
train_neg2811 it's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes . . . finally seem so impersonal or even shallow . 
train_neg2812 woody , what happened ? 
train_neg2813 juliette binoche's sand is vivacious , but it's hard to sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile . 
train_neg2814 it's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah . 
train_neg2815 cattaneo reworks the formula that made the full monty a smashing success . . . but neglects to add the magic that made it all work . 
train_neg2816 routine and rather silly . 
train_neg2817 you can practically hear george orwell turning over . 
train_neg2818 while holm is terrific as both men and hjejle quite appealing , the film fails to make the most out of the intriguing premise . 
train_neg2819 lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it's compelling . 
train_neg2820 if it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in dolby digital stereo . if nothing else , " rollerball " 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j . 
train_neg2821 a movie that falls victim to frazzled wackiness and frayed satire . 
train_neg2822 how do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ? on the evidence before us , the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough . 
train_neg2823 the film's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting . 
train_neg2824 the movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction . 
train_neg2825 festers in just such a dungpile that you'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you . 
train_neg2826 lyne's latest , the erotic thriller unfaithful , further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded . 
train_neg2827 it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that's more or less how it plays out . 
train_neg2828 rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic . 
train_neg2829 report card : doesn't live up to the exalted tagline - there's definite room for improvement . doesn't deserve a passing grade ( even on a curve ) . 
train_neg2830 as his circle of friends keeps getting smaller one of the characters in long time dead says 'i'm telling you , this is f * * * ed' . maybe he was reading the minds of the audience . 
train_neg2831  . . . if it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious-- at ninety minutes , it drags . 
train_neg2832 bean drops the ball too many times . . . hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay . 
train_neg2833 a well-acted , but one-note film . 
train_neg2834 blood work is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood's dirty harry period . 
train_neg2835 the movie is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications . 
train_neg2836 a era do gelo diverte , mas não convence . É um passatempo descompromissado – e só . 
train_neg2837 nearly all the fundamentals you take for granted in most films are mishandled here . 
train_neg2838 the exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors . 
train_neg2839 we started to wonder if … some unpaid intern had just typed 'chris rock , ' 'anthony hopkins' and 'terrorists' into some univac-like script machine . 
train_neg2840 even when crush departs from the 4w formula . . . it feels like a glossy rehash . 
train_neg2841 more likely to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat . 
train_neg2842 when you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble . 
train_neg2843 this is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives . 
train_neg2844 marinated in clichés and mawkish dialogue . 
train_neg2845 [a] boldly stroked , luridly coloured , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain . 
train_neg2846 not once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me , it was just a matter of 'eh . '
train_neg2847 not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general . it merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them . 
train_neg2848 shame on writer/director vicente aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull . 
train_neg2849 suffers from a decided lack of creative storytelling . 
train_neg2850 violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining . 
train_neg2851 nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters . 
train_neg2852 with a completely predictable plot , you'll swear that you've seen it all before , even if you've never come within a mile of the longest yard . 
train_neg2853 remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ? when the twist endings were actually surprising ? when the violence actually shocked ? when the heroes were actually under 40 ? sadly , as blood work proves , that was a long , long time ago . 
train_neg2854 this movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 . 
train_neg2855 what we get in feardotcom is more like something from a bad clive barker movie . in other words , it's badder than bad . 
train_neg2856 if they broke out into elaborate choreography , singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands i kept looking for the last exit from brooklyn . 
train_neg2857 it's supposed to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength -- but it never quite adds up . 
train_neg2858 feels more like a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening . 
train_neg2859 some motion pictures portray ultimate passion ; others create ultimate thrills . men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic . 
train_neg2860 an enigmatic film that's too clever for its own good , it's a conundrum not worth solving . 
train_neg2861 rashomon-for-dipsticks tale . 
train_neg2862 a film that clearly means to preach exclusively to the converted . 
train_neg2863 it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that . 
train_neg2864 certainly not a good movie , but it wasn't horrible either . 
train_neg2865 it appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up . 
train_neg2866 a tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid . 
train_neg2867 this is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors . 
train_neg2868 `martin lawrence live' is so self-pitying , i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show . 
train_neg2869 never decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three . 
train_neg2870 it has become apparent that the franchise's best years are long past . 
train_neg2871 don't hate el crimen del padre amaro because it's anti-catholic . hate it because it's lousy . 
train_neg2872  . . . better described as a ghost story gone badly awry . 
train_neg2873 the filmmakers are playing to the big boys in new york and l . a . to that end , they mock the kind of folks they don't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers don't care to understand , either . 
train_neg2874 the big finish is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing . 
train_neg2875 not just unlikable . disturbing . disgusting . without any redeeming value whatsoever . 
train_neg2876 this thing is virtually unwatchable . 
train_neg2877 the self-serious equilibrium makes its point too well ; a movie , like life , isn't much fun without the highs and lows . 
train_neg2878 in terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused . 
train_neg2879 the only type of lives this glossy comedy-drama resembles are ones in formulaic mainstream movies . 
train_neg2880 a sha-na-na sketch punctuated with graphic violence . 
train_neg2881 the trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through . 
train_neg2882 spy-vs . -spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together . 
train_neg2883 the only upside to all of this unpleasantness is , given its labor day weekend upload , feardotcom should log a minimal number of hits . 
train_neg2884 an uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection . 
train_neg2885 a formula family tearjerker told with a heavy irish brogue . . . accentuating , rather than muting , the plot's saccharine thrust . 
train_neg2886 this is sandler running on empty , repeating what he's already done way too often . 
train_neg2887 time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool " clockstoppers , " but that doesn't mean it still won't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life . 
train_neg2888 the sort of picture in which , whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do , they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset . 
train_neg2889 a preposterously melodramatic paean to gang-member teens in brooklyn circa 1958 . 
train_neg2890 everything its title implies , a standard-issue crime drama spat out from the tinseltown assembly line . 
train_neg2891 a rehash of every gangster movie from the past decade . 
train_neg2892 gaping plot holes sink this 'sub'-standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth . 
train_neg2893 the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny . 
train_neg2894 the movie isn't painfully bad , something to be 'fully experienced' ; it's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten . 
train_neg2895 charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions . 
train_neg2896 what a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted . 
train_neg2897 this is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy . 
train_neg2898 ensemble movies , like soap operas , depend on empathy . if there ain't none , you have a problem . 
train_neg2899 koepp's screenplay isn't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own . 
train_neg2900 is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ? 
train_neg2901 clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades . 
train_neg2902 a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy . 
train_neg2903 a minor-league soccer remake of the longest yard . 
train_neg2904 belongs in the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video/dvd category , and this is why i have given it a one-star rating . 
train_neg2905 as earnest as a community-college advertisement , american chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school . 
train_neg2906 it's really just another silly hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded , yahoo-ing death shows . 
train_neg2907 it's not a particularly good film , but neither is it a monsterous one . 
train_neg2908 sade achieves the near-impossible : it turns the marquis de sade into a dullard . 
train_neg2909 unfortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making . 
train_neg2910 far-fetched premise , convoluted plot , and thematic mumbo jumbo about destiny and redemptive love . 
train_neg2911 harris is supposed to be the star of the story , but comes across as pretty dull and wooden . 
train_neg2912 soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , xxx achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence . 
train_neg2913 the filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart . 
train_neg2914 mariah carey gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls . 
train_neg2915 it's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it's all about the silences and if you're into that , have at it . 
train_neg2916 i suspect that you'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it . if you go , pack your knitting needles . 
train_neg2917 spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning . 
train_neg2918 a period story about a catholic boy who tries to help a jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell . 
train_neg2919 proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness . 
train_neg2920 did we really need a remake of " charade ? " 
train_neg2921 some movies can get by without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff . stealing harvard can't even do that much . each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth . 
train_neg2922 the only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game . you try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored . 
train_neg2923 i spied with my little eye . . . a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits
train_neg2924 bearable . barely . 
train_neg2925 a feeble tootsie knockoff . 
train_neg2926 the very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary . 
train_neg2927 an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message . 
train_neg2928 one key problem with these ardently christian storylines is that there is never any question of how things will turn out . 
train_neg2929 essentially , the film is weak on detail and strong on personality
train_neg2930 a relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action flick . 
train_neg2931 too long , and larded with exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community . 
train_neg2932 leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances . 
train_neg2933 diaz , applegate , blair and posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused . 
train_neg2934 a technically well-made suspenser . . . but its abrupt drop in iq points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide . 
train_neg2935 absolutely ( and unintentionally ) terrifying . 
train_neg2936 no matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus , accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way . 
train_neg2937 you'll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee's character didn't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery . 
train_neg2938 blade ii has a brilliant director and charismatic star , but it suffers from rampant vampire devaluation . 
train_neg2939 if a few good men told us that we " can't handle the truth " than high crimes poetically states at one point in this movie that we " don't care about the truth . " 
train_neg2940 you'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy . 
train_neg2941 the movie is a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration has run its course . 
train_neg2942 this will go on so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things . 
train_neg2943 a full-frontal attack on audience patience . 
train_neg2944 any intellectual arguments being made about the nature of god are framed in a drama so clumsy , there is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that bean abhors . 
train_neg2945 one gets the impression the creators of don't ask don't tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes . too bad none of it is funny . 
train_neg2946 the cast has a high time , but de broca has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp . 
train_neg2947 the film , like jimmy's routines , could use a few good laughs . 
train_neg2948 the film has too many spots where it's on slippery footing , but is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that's especially fit for the kiddies . 
train_neg2949 purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging . oh , and more entertaining , too . 
train_neg2950 though it was made with careful attention to detail and is well-acted by james spader and maggie gyllenhaal , i felt disrespected . 
train_neg2951 well-made but mush-hearted . 
train_neg2952 the film is strictly routine . 
train_neg2953 while the new film is much more eye-catching than its blood-drenched stephen norrington-directed predecessor , the new script by the returning david s . goyer is much sillier . 
train_neg2954 in addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , ballistic : ecks vs . sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase . 
train_neg2955 it shares the first two films' loose-jointed structure , but laugh-out-loud bits are few and far between . 
train_neg2956 you cannot guess why the cast and crew didn't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed . 
train_neg2957 barney throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull . 
train_neg2958 if you're really renting this you're not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices , you're interested in anne geddes , john grisham , and thomas kincaid . 
train_neg2959 we get the comedy we settle for . 
train_neg2960 the uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them . 
train_neg2961 the campy results make mel brooks' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated . 
train_neg2962 the hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork . 
train_neg2963 cherish would've worked a lot better had it been a short film . 
train_neg2964 hey arnold ! is now stretched to barely feature length , with a little more attention paid to the animation . still , the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett's story is appealing . 
train_neg2965 true to its title , it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at . 
train_neg2966 doesn't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago . 
train_neg2967 kaufman's script is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious . 
train_neg2968 the film didn't move me one way or the other , but it was an honest effort and if you want to see a flick about telemarketers this one will due . 
train_neg2969 any film that doesn't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss . 
train_neg2970  . . . blade ii is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves . 
train_neg2971 the rules of attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing . 
train_neg2972 in this film we at least see a study in contrasts ; the wide range of one actor , and the limited range of a comedian . 
train_neg2973 feels strangely hollow at its emotional core . 
train_neg2974 no surprises . 
train_neg2975 you have once again entered the bizarre realm where director adrian lyne holds sway , where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and excruciatingly literal . 
train_neg2976 the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : there's very little hustling on view . 
train_neg2977 this director's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera . 
train_neg2978 characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle . 
train_neg2979 the venezuelans say things like " si , pretty much " and " por favor , go home " when talking to americans . that's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of " dragonfly . " 
train_neg2980 it's a movie that ends with truckzilla , for cryin' out loud . if that doesn't clue you in that something's horribly wrong , nothing will . 
train_neg2981 director tom shadyac and star kevin costner glumly mishandle the story's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself . 
train_neg2982 it's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 . 
train_neg2983 like the tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on
train_neg2984 as pedestrian as they come . 
train_neg2985 a film that plays things so nice 'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen . 
train_neg2986 put it somewhere between sling blade and south of heaven , west of hell in the pantheon of billy bob's body of work . 
train_neg2987 the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture can't quite conceal that there's nothing resembling a spine here . 
train_neg2988 as saccharine as it is disposable . 
train_neg2989 the metaphors are provocative , but too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery . 
train_neg2990 very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all . 
train_neg2991 too much power , not enough puff . 
train_neg2992 a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains . . . crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential . 
train_neg2993 muddled , trashy and incompetent
train_neg2994 for this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and rodan is out of his league . 
train_neg2995 though excessively tiresome , the uncertainty principle , as verbally pretentious as the title may be , has its handful of redeeming features , as long as you discount its ability to bore . 
train_neg2996 despite juliet stevenon's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs . 
train_neg2997 it's tough to be startled when you're almost dozing . 
train_neg2998 a terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving . 
train_neg2999 the thing looks like a made-for-home-video quickie . 
