train_pos0 the rock is destined to be the 21st century's new " conan " and that he's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal . 
train_pos1 effective but too-tepid biopic
train_pos2 emerges as something rare , an issue movie that's so honest and keenly observed that it doesn't feel like one . 
train_pos3 offers that rare combination of entertainment and education . 
train_pos4 take care of my cat offers a refreshingly different slice of asian cinema . 
train_pos5 this is a film well worth seeing , talking and singing heads and all . 
train_pos6 ultimately , it ponders the reasons we need stories so much . 
train_pos7 a masterpiece four years in the making . 
train_pos8 the movie's ripe , enrapturing beauty will tempt those willing to probe its inscrutable mysteries . 
train_pos9 offers a breath of the fresh air of true sophistication . 
train_pos10 with a cast that includes some of the top actors working in independent film , lovely & amazing involves us because it is so incisive , so bleakly amusing about how we go about our lives . 
train_pos11 a disturbing and frighteningly evocative assembly of imagery and hypnotic music composed by philip glass . 
train_pos12 scores a few points for doing what it does with a dedicated and good-hearted professionalism . 
train_pos13 occasionally melodramatic , it's also extremely effective . 
train_pos14 an idealistic love story that brings out the latent 15-year-old romantic in everyone . 
train_pos15 at about 95 minutes , treasure planet maintains a brisk pace as it races through the familiar story . however , it lacks grandeur and that epic quality often associated with stevenson's tale as well as with earlier disney efforts . 
train_pos16 it helps that lil bow wow . . . tones down his pint-sized gangsta act to play someone who resembles a real kid . 
train_pos17 guaranteed to move anyone who ever shook , rattled , or rolled . 
train_pos18 a masterful film from a master filmmaker , unique in its deceptive grimness , compelling in its fatalist worldview . 
train_pos19 light , cute and forgettable . 
train_pos20 though everything might be literate and smart , it never took off and always seemed static . 
train_pos21 ms . fulford-wierzbicki is almost spooky in her sulky , calculating lolita turn . 
train_pos22 though it is by no means his best work , laissez-passer is a distinguished and distinctive effort by a bona-fide master , a fascinating film replete with rewards to be had by all willing to make the effort to reap them . 
train_pos23 like most bond outings in recent years , some of the stunts are so outlandish that they border on being cartoonlike . a heavy reliance on cgi technology is beginning to creep into the series . 
train_pos24 the story loses its bite in a last-minute happy ending that's even less plausible than the rest of the picture . much of the way , though , this is a refreshingly novel ride . 
train_pos25 'compleja e intelectualmente retadora , el ladrón de orquídeas es uno de esos filmes que vale la pena ver precisamente por su originalidad . '
train_pos26 a real movie , about real people , that gives us a rare glimpse into a culture most of us don't know . 
train_pos27 tender yet lacerating and darkly funny fable . 
train_pos28 may be spoofing an easy target -- those old '50's giant creature features -- but . . . it acknowledges and celebrates their cheesiness as the reason why people get a kick out of watching them today . 
train_pos29 some actors have so much charisma that you'd be happy to listen to them reading the phone book . hugh grant and sandra bullock are two such likeable actors . 
train_pos30 behind the snow games and lovable siberian huskies ( plus one sheep dog ) , the picture hosts a parka-wrapped dose of heart . 
train_pos31 singer/composer bryan adams contributes a slew of songs — a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story — but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece . 
train_pos32 the animated subplot keenly depicts the inner struggles of our adolescent heroes - insecure , uncontrolled , and intense . 
train_pos33 morton is a great actress portraying a complex character , but morvern callar grows less compelling the farther it meanders from its shocking start . 
train_pos34 son of the bride may be a good half-hour too long but comes replete with a flattering sense of mystery and quietness . 
train_pos35 a simmering psychological drama in which the bursts of sudden violence are all the more startling for the slow buildup that has preceded them . 
train_pos36 a taut , intelligent psychological drama . 
train_pos37 a compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother's hold over her . 
train_pos38 this delicately observed story , deeply felt and masterfully stylized , is a triumph for its maverick director . 
train_pos39 at heart the movie is a deftly wrought suspense yarn whose richer shadings work as coloring rather than substance . 
train_pos40 a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than " memento " 
train_pos41 if this movie were a book , it would be a page-turner , you can't wait to see what happens next . 
train_pos42 haneke challenges us to confront the reality of sexual aberration . 
train_pos43 it's the best film of the year so far , the benchmark against which all other best picture contenders should be measured . 
train_pos44 painful to watch , but viewers willing to take a chance will be rewarded with two of the year's most accomplished and riveting film performances . 
train_pos45 this is a startling film that gives you a fascinating , albeit depressing view of iranian rural life close to the iraqi border . 
train_pos46 a few artsy flourishes aside , narc is as gritty as a movie gets these days . 
train_pos47 together , tok and o orchestrate a buoyant , darkly funny dance of death . in the process , they demonstrate that there's still a lot of life in hong kong cinema . 
train_pos48 director kapur is a filmmaker with a real flair for epic landscapes and adventure , and this is a better film than his earlier english-language movie , the overpraised elizabeth . 
train_pos49 the movie is a blast of educational energy , as bouncy animation and catchy songs escort you through the entire 85 minutes . 
train_pos50 a sports movie with action that's exciting on the field and a story you care about off it . 
train_pos51 like the film's almost anthropologically detailed realization of early-'80s suburbia , it's significant without being overstated . 
train_pos52 while mcfarlane's animation lifts the film firmly above the level of other coming-of-age films . . . it's also so jarring that it's hard to get back into the boys' story . 
train_pos53 in a normal screen process , these bromides would be barely enough to sustain an interstitial program on the discovery channel . but in imax 3-d , the clichés disappear into the vertiginous perspectives opened up by the photography . 
train_pos54 writer-director burger imaginatively fans the embers of a dormant national grief and curiosity that has calcified into chronic cynicism and fear . 
train_pos55 a refreshing korean film about five female high school friends who face an uphill battle when they try to take their relationships into deeper waters . 
train_pos56 on the surface , it's a lovers-on-the-run crime flick , but it has a lot in common with piesiewicz's and kieslowski's earlier work , films like the double life of veronique . 
train_pos57 if it's possible for a sequel to outshine the original , then sl2 does just that . 
train_pos58 a romantic comedy that operates by the rules of its own self-contained universe . 
train_pos59 the film is often filled with a sense of pure wonderment and excitement not often seen in today's cinema du sarcasm
train_pos60 it might be tempting to regard mr . andrew and his collaborators as oddballs , but mr . earnhart's quizzical , charming movie allows us to see them , finally , as artists . 
train_pos61 a feel-good picture in the best sense of the term . 
train_pos62 edited and shot with a syncopated style mimicking the work of his subjects , pray turns the idea of the documentary on its head , making it rousing , invigorating fun lacking any mtv puffery . 
train_pos63 in scope , ambition and accomplishment , children of the century . . . takes kurys' career to a whole new level . 
train_pos64 somewhere short of tremors on the modern b-scene : neither as funny nor as clever , though an agreeably unpretentious way to spend ninety minutes . 
train_pos65 unlike most teen flicks , swimming takes its time to tell its story , casts mostly little-known performers in key roles , and introduces some intriguing ambiguity . 
train_pos66 an enthralling , playful film that constantly frustrates our desire to know the 'truth' about this man , while deconstructing the very format of the biography in a manner that derrida would doubtless give his blessing to . 
train_pos67  " extreme ops " exceeds expectations . good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography . 
train_pos68 you should pay nine bucks for this : because you can hear about suffering afghan refugees on the news and still be unaffected . dramas like this make it human . 
train_pos69 run , don't walk , to see this barbed and bracing comedy on the big screen . 
train_pos70 a classy item by a legend who may have nothing left to prove but still has the chops and drive to show how its done . 
train_pos71 this is what imax was made for : strap on a pair of 3-d goggles , shut out the real world , and take a vicarious voyage to the last frontier -- space . 
train_pos72 [schweiger is] talented and terribly charismatic , qualities essential to both movie stars and social anarchists . 
train_pos73 it's a great deal of sizzle and very little steak . but what spectacular sizzle it is ! . . . in this incarnation its fizz is infectious . 
train_pos74 an original gem about an obsession with time . 
train_pos75 it will delight newcomers to the story and those who know it from bygone days . 
train_pos76 gloriously goofy ( and gory ) midnight movie stuff . 
train_pos77 the film overcomes the regular minefield of coming-of-age cliches with potent doses of honesty and sensitivity . 
train_pos78 if your senses haven't been dulled by slasher films and gorefests , if you're a connoisseur of psychological horror , this is your ticket . 
train_pos79 a sad , superior human comedy played out on the back roads of life . 
train_pos80 tim allen is great in his role but never hogs the scenes from his fellow cast , as there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy . 
train_pos81 more a load of enjoyable , conan-esque claptrap than the punishing , special-effects soul assaults the mummy pictures represent . 
train_pos82 enormously likable , partly because it is aware of its own grasp of the absurd . 
train_pos83 it's an old story , but a lively script , sharp acting and partially animated interludes make just a kiss seem minty fresh . 
train_pos84 must be seen to be believed . 
train_pos85 everything that has to do with yvan and charlotte , and everything that has to do with yvan's rambunctious , jewish sister and her non-jew husband , feels funny and true . 
train_pos86 sweet home alabama " is what it is – a nice , harmless date film . . . 
train_pos87 the year's happiest surprise , a movie that deals with a real subject in an always surprising way . 
train_pos88 the film is faithful to what one presumes are the book's twin premises -- that we become who we are on the backs of our parents , but we have no idea who they were at our age ; and that time is a fleeting and precious commodity no matter how old you are . 
train_pos89 a solidly seaworthy chiller . 
train_pos90 there are as many misses as hits , but ultimately , it finds humor in the foibles of human behavior , and it's a welcome return to the roots of a genre that should depend on surprises . 
train_pos91 for a good chunk of its running time , trapped is an effective and claustrophobic thriller . 
train_pos92 most of crush is a clever and captivating romantic comedy with a welcome pinch of tartness . 
train_pos93 nair does capture the complexity of a big family and its trials and tribulations . . . 
train_pos94 the seaside splendor and shallow , beautiful people are nice to look at while you wait for the story to get going . 
train_pos95 rare is the 'urban comedy' that even attempts the insight and honesty of this disarming indie . 
train_pos96 an experience so engrossing it is like being buried in a new environment . 
train_pos97 it's traditional moviemaking all the way , but it's done with a lot of careful period attention as well as some very welcome wit . 
train_pos98 maybe it's just because this past year has seen the release of some of the worst film comedies in decades . . . but honestly , analyze that really isn't all that bad . 
train_pos99 a droll , well-acted , character-driven comedy with unexpected deposits of feeling . 
train_pos100 this is simply the most fun you'll ever have with a documentary ! 
train_pos101 a very funny movie . 
train_pos102 a cop story that understands the medium amazingly well . 
train_pos103 one of the best , most understated performances of [jack nicholson's] career . 
train_pos104 watching beanie and his gang put together his slasher video from spare parts and borrowed materials is as much fun as it must have been for them to make it . 
train_pos105 a fascinating and fun film . 
train_pos106 this insightful , oscar-nominated documentary , in which children on both sides of the ever-escalating conflict have their say away from watchful parental eyes , gives peace yet another chance . 
train_pos107 i admired this work a lot . 
train_pos108 my goodness , queen latifah has a lot to offer and she seemed to have no problem flaunting her natural gifts . she must have a very strong back . 
train_pos109 a smart , sweet and playful romantic comedy . 
train_pos110 solid , lump-in-the-throat family entertainment that derives its power by sticking to the facts . 
train_pos111 as an entertainment , the movie keeps you diverted and best of all , it lightens your wallet without leaving a sting . 
train_pos112 it is interesting and fun to see goodall and her chimpanzees on the bigger-than-life screen . 
train_pos113 [a] rare , beautiful film . 
train_pos114 an unabashedly schmaltzy and thoroughly enjoyable true story . 
train_pos115 you walk out of the good girl with mixed emotions — disapproval of justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions . 
train_pos116 purely propaganda , a work of unabashed hero worship , it is nonetheless -- and likely inadvertently -- a timely and invaluable implicit reminder of the role that u . s . foreign policy has played in the rise of castro . 
train_pos117 now trimmed by about 20 minutes , this lavish three-year-old production has enough grandeur and scale to satisfy as grown-up escapism . 
train_pos118 daring , mesmerizing and exceedingly hard to forget . 
train_pos119 the dangerous lives of altar boys' take on adolescence feels painfully true . 
train_pos120 all but the most persnickety preteens should enjoy this nonthreatening but thrilling adventure . 
train_pos121 this is one of polanski's best films . 
train_pos122 day is not a great bond movie , but it is a good bond movie , which still makes it much better than your typical bond knock-offs . 
train_pos123 denis and co-writer michele petin's impeccable screenplay penetrates with a rawness that that is both unflinching and tantalizing . lead provocatuers testud and parmentier give superlative performances
train_pos124 an absorbing trip into the minds and motivations of people under stress as well as a keen , unsentimental look at variations on the theme of motherhood . 
train_pos125 the passions aroused by the discord between old and new cultures are set against the strange , stark beauty of the mideast desert , so lovingly and perceptively filmed that you can almost taste the desiccated air . 
train_pos126 remarkably accessible and affecting . 
train_pos127 never mind whether you buy the stuff about barris being a cia hit man . the kooky yet shadowy vision clooney sustains throughout is daring , inventive and impressive . 
train_pos128 moore's complex and important film is also , believe it or not , immensely entertaining , a david and goliath story that's still very much playing itself out . 
train_pos129 the additional storyline is interesting and entertaining , but it doesn't have the same magical quality as the beginning of the story . i like the new footage and still love the old stuff . 
train_pos130 though mama takes a bit too long to find its rhythm and a third-act plot development is somewhat melodramatic , its ribald humor and touching nostalgia are sure to please anyone in search of a jules and jim for the new millennium . 
train_pos131 you might not buy the ideas . but you'll definitely want the t-shirt . 
train_pos132 presents an astute appraisal of middle american musical torpor and the desperate struggle to escape it . 
train_pos133 just what makes us happy , anyway ? 
train_pos134 this is a film brimming with detail and nuance and one that speaks volumes about the ability of the human spirit to find solace in events that could easily crush it forever . 
train_pos135 the director , steven shainberg , has succeeded by focusing intently on his characters , making them quirky individuals rather than figures of fun . 
train_pos136 the movie has a soft , percolating magic , a deadpan suspense . 
train_pos137 using his audience as a figurative port-of-call , dong pulls his even-handed ideological ship to their dock for unloading , before he continues his longer journey still ahead . 
train_pos138  . . . understands that a generation defines its music as much as the music defines a generation . 
train_pos139 the transporter is as lively and as fun as it is unapologetically dumb
train_pos140 by presenting an impossible romance in an impossible world , pumpkin dares us to say why either is impossible -- which forces us to confront what's possible and what we might do to make it so . 
train_pos141 an impressive debut for first-time writer-director mark romanek , especially considering his background is in music video . 
train_pos142 an incendiary , deeply thought-provoking look at one of the most peculiar ( and peculiarly venomous ) bigotries in our increasingly frightening theocracy
train_pos143  " its successes are also tempered with elements which prove the direct antithesis of what it gets right . " 
train_pos144 this is such a dazzlingly self-assured directorial debut that it's hard to know what to praise first . 
train_pos145 parker holds true to wilde's own vision of a pure comedy with absolutely no meaning , and no desire to be anything but a polished , sophisticated entertainment that is in love with its own cleverness . 
train_pos146 münch's genuine insight makes the film's occasional overindulgence forgivable . 
train_pos147 thankfully , the film , which skirts that rapidly deteriorating line between fantasy and reality . . . takes a tongue-in-cheek attitude even as it pushes the croc hunter agenda . 
train_pos148 the film has just enough of everything -- re-enactments , archival footage , talking-head interviews -- and the music is simply sublime . 
train_pos149 a wonderful character-based comedy . 
train_pos150 the unique tug-of-war with viewer expectations is undeniable , if not a pleasure in its own right . 
train_pos151 it uses an old-time formula , it's not terribly original and it's rather messy -- but you just have to love the big , dumb , happy movie my big fat greek wedding . 
train_pos152 the tone is balanced , reflective and reasonable . 
train_pos153 the principals in this cast are all fine , but bishop and stevenson are standouts . 
train_pos154 it could change america , not only because it is full of necessary discussion points , but because it is so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment . 
train_pos155 what's most striking about this largely celebratory film . . . is the sense of isolation that permeates these bastions of individuality in an ikea world . 
train_pos156 somewhat blurred , but kinnear's performance is razor sharp . 
train_pos157 as a director , mr . ratliff wisely rejects the temptation to make fun of his subjects . 
train_pos158 for anyone who remembers the '60s or is interested in one man's response to stroke , ram dass : fierce grace is worth seeking out . 
train_pos159 a savvy exploration of paranoia and insecurity in america's culture of fear . 
train_pos160 this clever caper movie has twists worthy of david mamet and is enormous fun for thinking audiences . 
train_pos161 it's one of the saddest films i have ever seen that still manages to be uplifting but not overly sentimental . 
train_pos162 morton is , as usual , brilliant . 
train_pos163 even with all those rough edges safely sanded down , the american insomnia is still pretty darned good . 
train_pos164 nearly surreal , dabbling in french , this is no simple movie , and you'll be taking a risk if you choose to see it . i enjoyed the ride ( bumps and all ) , creamy depth , and ultimate theme . 
train_pos165 you could say that it's slow at times , you could say that a few of the characters act in ways that real people wouldn't , but one thing you couldn't say is that alias betty is predictable . 
train_pos166 high on melodrama . but it's emotionally engrossing , too , thanks to strong , credible performances from the whole cast . 
train_pos167 finally , a genre movie that delivers -- in a couple of genres , no less . 
train_pos168 it's not so much enjoyable to watch as it is enlightening to listen to new sides of a previous reality , and to visit with some of the people who were able to make an impact in the theater world . 
train_pos169 hu and liu offer natural , matter-of-fact performances that glint with sorrow , longing and love . 
train_pos170 this bold and lyrical first feature from raja amari expands the pat notion that middle-aged women just wanna have fun into a rousing treatise of sensual empowerment . 
train_pos171 girls gone wild and gone civil again
train_pos172 while this film is not in the least surprising , it is still ultimately very satisfying . think of it as a sort of comfort food for the mind . 
train_pos173 clever , brutal and strangely soulful movie . 
train_pos174 a remarkable 179-minute meditation on the nature of revolution . 
train_pos175 an involving true story of a chinese actor who takes up drugs and winds up in an institution--acted mostly by the actual people involved . 
train_pos176 hands down the year's most thought-provoking film . but it pays a price for its intricate intellectual gamesmanship . 
train_pos177 it's a terrific american sports movie and dennis quaid is its athletic heart . 
train_pos178 this is such a high-energy movie where the drumming and the marching are so excellent , who cares if the story's a little weak . 
train_pos179 compelling revenge thriller , though somewhat weakened by a miscast leading lady . 
train_pos180 it's amazingly perceptive in its subtle , supportive but unsentimental look at the marks family . 
train_pos181 a whole lot foul , freaky and funny . 
train_pos182 the diversity of the artists represented , both in terms of style and ethnicity , prevents the proceedings from feeling repetitious , as does the appropriately brief 40-minute running time . 
train_pos183 is office work really as alienating as 'bartleby' so effectively makes it ? 
train_pos184 audiences conditioned to getting weepy over saucer-eyed , downy-cheeked moppets and their empathetic caretakers will probably feel emotionally cheated by the film's tart , sugar-free wit . 
train_pos185 as expected , sayles' smart wordplay and clever plot contrivances are as sharp as ever , though they may be overshadowed by some strong performances . 
train_pos186 a model of what films like this should be like . 
train_pos187 as weber and weissman demonstrate with such insight and celebratory verve , the cockettes weren't as much about gender , sexual preference or political agitprop as they were simply a triumph of the indomitable human will to rebel , connect and create . 
train_pos188 nicely serves as an examination of a society in transition . 
train_pos189 as a randy film about sexy people in gorgeous places being pushed and pulled ( literally and figuratively ) by desire . . . [sex and lucía] makes for an arousing good time . 
train_pos190 absorbing character study by andré turpin . 
train_pos191 celebrated at sundance , this slight comedy of manners has winning performances and a glossy , glib charm that's hard to beat . 
train_pos192 if you love reading and/or poetry , then by all means check it out . you'll probably love it . 
train_pos193 though of particular interest to students and enthusiast of international dance and world music , the film is designed to make viewers of all ages , cultural backgrounds and rhythmic ability want to get up and dance . 
train_pos194 it's a movie -- and an album -- you won't want to miss . 
train_pos195 it's rare to find a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain , and satisfies our lust for fast-paced action , but minority report delivers all that and a whole lot more . 
train_pos196 jacquot's tosca is a treat . 
train_pos197 by the end of no such thing the audience , like beatrice , has a watchful affection for the monster . 
train_pos198 if you liked such movies as notting hill , four weddings and a funeral , bridget jones' diary or high fidelity , then you won't want to miss about a boy . 
train_pos199  . . . the gentle melding of drama and comedy makes " what time is it there ? " something the true film buff will enjoy . 
train_pos200 i whole-heartedly recommend that everyone see this movie-- for its historical significance alone . 
train_pos201 often gruelling and heartbreaking to witness , but seldahl and wollter's sterling performances raise this far above the level of the usual maudlin disease movie . 
train_pos202 go see it and enjoy . 
train_pos203 there's a vastness implied in metropolis that is just breathtaking . 
train_pos204 the people in dogtown and z-boys are so funny , aggressive and alive , you have to watch them because you can't wait to see what they do next . 
train_pos205 as bundy , michael reilly burke ( octopus 2 : river of fear ) has just the right amount of charisma and menace . 
train_pos206 [anderson] uses a hit-or-miss aesthetic that hits often enough to keep the film entertaining even if none of it makes a lick of sense . 
train_pos207 bubba ho-tep is a wonderful film with a bravura lead performance by bruce campbell that doesn't deserve to leave the building until everyone is aware of it . 
train_pos208 bullock does a good job here of working against her natural likability . 
train_pos209 kinnear gives a tremendous performance . 
train_pos210 the best movie of its kind since 'brazil . ' lucas , take notes . this is how you use special effects . 
train_pos211  " frailty " has been written so well , that even a simple " goddammit ! " near the end takes on a whole other meaning . 
train_pos212 one hour photo is an intriguing snapshot of one man and his delusions ; it's just too bad it doesn't have more flashes of insight . 
train_pos213 chalk it up to my adoration for both de niro and murphy , but i had a pretty good time with this movie - despite its myriad flaws . 
train_pos214 a charming yet poignant tale of the irrevocable ties that bind . 
train_pos215 an enchanting spectacular for potter fans anxious to ride the hogwarts express toward a new year of magic and mischief . 
train_pos216 the talents of the actors helps " moonlight mile " rise above its heart-on-its-sleeve writing . 
train_pos217 this examination of aquatic life off the shores of the baja california peninsula of mexico offers an engrossing way to demonstrate the virtues of the imax format . 
train_pos218 dark and disturbing , but also surprisingly funny . 
train_pos219 starts off with a bang , but then fizzles like a wet stick of dynamite at the very end . it's still worth a look . 
train_pos220 most impressive , though , is the film's open-ended finale that refuses to entirely close its characters' emotional wounds . 
train_pos221 a hip ride into hyper-time , clockstoppers is a lively and enjoyable adventure for all ages at any time . 
train_pos222 grenier is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to toback's heidegger- and nietzsche-referencing dialogue . 
train_pos223  . . . a polished and relatively sincere piece of escapism . 
train_pos224  . . . has freaky scenes where the crew wonder if they're ghosts imagining themselves as alive . it's a sly wink to the others without becoming a postmodern joke , made creepy by its " men in a sardine can " warped logic . 
train_pos225 long after you leave justine , you'll be wondering what will happen to her and wishing her the best -- whatever that might mean . 
train_pos226 call me a wimp , but i cried , not once , but three times in this animated sweet film . 
train_pos227 an inspiring and heart-affecting film about the desperate attempts of vietnamese refugees living in u . s . relocation camps to keep their hopes alive in 1975 . 
train_pos228 a splendid entertainment , young in spirit but accomplished in all aspects with the fullness of spirit and sense of ease that comes only with experience . 
train_pos229 whether kiss is a future cult classic or destined to be completely forgotten is open to question , but the risk-takers in the crowd should check it out and form their own opinion . 
train_pos230 there are moments in this account of the life of artist frida kahlo that are among cinema's finest this year . unfortunately , they're sandwiched in between the most impossibly dry account of kahlo's life imaginable . 
train_pos231 stay clear of reminding yourself that it's a " true story " and you're likely to have one helluva time at the movies . 
train_pos232 the sundance film festival has become so buzz-obsessed that fans and producers descend upon utah each january to ferret out the next great thing . 'tadpole' was one of the films so declared this year , but it's really more of the next pretty good thing . 
train_pos233 working from elliott's memoir , rohmer fashions the sort of delicate , articulate character- and- relationship study he's favored for decades . 
train_pos234 when it really counts . . . bloody sunday connects on a visceral level that transcends language . 
train_pos235 the crime matters less than the characters , although the filmmakers supply enough complications , close calls and double-crosses to satisfy us . 
train_pos236 ranging from funny to shattering and featuring some of the year's best acting , personal velocity gathers plenty of dramatic momentum . 
train_pos237 i complain all the time about seeing the same ideas repeated in films over and over again , but the bourne identity proves that a fresh take is always possible . 
train_pos238 recalls quiet freak-outs like l'avventura and repulsion . 
train_pos239  . . . as the story congeals you feel the pieces of the star wars saga falling into place in a way that makes your spine tingle with revelation and excitement . 
train_pos240 a great comedy filmmaker knows great comedy needn't always make us laugh . tim story's not there yet - but 'barbershop' shows he's on his way . 
train_pos241 the movie is one of the best examples of artful large format filmmaking you are likely to see anytime soon . 
train_pos242 jason x has cheesy effects and a hoary plot , but its macabre , self-deprecating sense of humor makes up for a lot . 
train_pos243 [taymor] utilizes the idea of making kahlo's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work . this isn't a new idea . it's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion . 
train_pos244  . . . mesmerizing , an eye-opening tour of modern beijing culture in a journey of rebellion , retreat into oblivion and return . 
train_pos245 one of the best examples of how to treat a subject , you're not fully aware is being examined , much like a photo of yourself you didn't know was being taken . 
train_pos246 not too far below the gloss you can still feel director denis villeneuve's beating heart and the fondness he has for his characters . 
train_pos247 as if to prove a female director can make a movie with no soft edges , kathryn bigelow offers no sugar-coating or interludes of lightness . her film is unrelentingly claustrophobic and unpleasant . 
train_pos248 the result is mesmerizing -- filled with menace and squalor . 
train_pos249 fisher has bared his soul and confronted his own shortcomings here in a way . . . that feels very human and very true to life . 
train_pos250 it's fun , but the code-talk will fly right over everyone's head
train_pos251 bourne , jason bourne . he can scale a building like a super hero , he can out-stealth any agent , he'll get the girl . he's super spy ! 
train_pos252 what makes the movie a comedy is the way it avoids the more serious emotions involved . 
train_pos253 an exhilarating experience . 
train_pos254 this cuddly sequel to the 1999 hit is a little more visually polished , a little funnier , and a little more madcap . 
train_pos255 the pleasures of super troopers may be fleeting , but they'll register strongly with anybody who still retains a soft spot for precollegiate humor . 
train_pos256 what might have been a predictably heartwarming tale is suffused with complexity . 
train_pos257 sound the trumpets : for the first time since desperately seeking susan , madonna doesn't suck as an actress . 
train_pos258 although very much like the first movie based on j . k . rowling's phenomenal fantasy best sellers , this second go-round possesses a quite pleasing , headlong thrust and a likably delinquent attitude . 
train_pos259 [ " take care of my cat " ] is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals . 
train_pos260 as the story moves inexorably through its seven day timeframe , the picture becomes increasingly mesmerizing . 
train_pos261 it's often infuriatingly glib and posturing , and yet it has been made with great evident care and manages to deliver up the man in a way to arouse further curiosity in even the most unknowing viewer . 
train_pos262 this boisterous comedy serves up a cruel reminder of the fate of hundreds of thousands of chinese , one which can only qualify as a terrible tragedy . 
train_pos263 elling really is about a couple of crazy guys , and it's therapeutic to laugh along with them . 
train_pos264 never [sinks] into exploitation . 
train_pos265 an irresistible combination of a rousing good story set on a truly grand scale . 
train_pos266 there's no denying the physically spectacular qualities of the film . . . or the emotional integrity of the performances . 
train_pos267 this is a very fine movie -- go see it . 
train_pos268 as shaky as the plot is , kaufman's script is still memorable for some great one-liners . 
train_pos269 despite its flaws , secretary stays in your head and makes you question your own firmly held positions . 
train_pos270 a byzantine melodrama that stimulates the higher brain functions as well as the libido . 
train_pos271 a sensitive and expertly acted crowd-pleaser that isn't above a little broad comedy and a few unabashedly sentimental tears . 
train_pos272 does what a fine documentary does best : it extends a warm invitation into an unfamiliar world , then illuminates it fully and allows the larger implications of the journey to sink in unobtrusively . 
train_pos273 almost every scene in this film is a gem that could stand alone , a perfectly realized observation of mood , behavior and intent . 
train_pos274 a psychologically rich and suspenseful moral thriller with a stellar performance by al pacino . 
train_pos275 you won't believe much of it , but you will laugh at the audacity , at the who's who casting and the sheer insanity of it all . 
train_pos276 the bourne identity is what summer screen escapism used to be in the decades when it was geared more to grownups . 
train_pos277 if it tried to do anything more , it would fail and perhaps explode , but at this level of manic whimsy , it is just about right . 
train_pos278 the saturation bombing of reggio's images and glass' evocative music . . . ultimately leaves viewers with the task of divining meaning . 
train_pos279 a bowel-curdling , heart-stopping recipe for terror . 
train_pos280 daughter from danang is a film that should be seen by all , especially those who aren't aware of , or have forgotten about the unmentioned victims of war . 
train_pos281 zhang yimou delivers warm , genuine characters who lie not through dishonesty , but because they genuinely believe it's the only way to bring happiness to their loved ones . 
train_pos282  . . . breathes surprising new life into the familiar by amalgamating genres and adding true human complexity to its not-so-stock characters . 
train_pos283 a pleasant romantic comedy . 
train_pos284 it's a count for our times . 
train_pos285 smith's point is simple and obvious -- people's homes are extensions of themselves , and particularly eccentric people have particularly eccentric living spaces -- but his subjects are charmers . 
train_pos286 vividly conveys both the pitfalls and the pleasures of over-the-top love . 
train_pos287 for the first two-thirds of this sparklingly inventive and artful , always fast and furious tale , kids will go happily along for the ride . 
train_pos288 the smartest bonehead comedy of the summer . 
train_pos289 in his debut as a film director , denzel washington delivers a lean and engaging work . 
train_pos290 a teasing drama whose relentless good-deed/bad-deed reversals are just interesting enough to make a sinner like me pray for an even more interesting , less symmetrical , less obviously cross-shaped creation . 
train_pos291 it's both a necessary political work and a fascinating documentary . . . 
train_pos292 as a revenge thriller , the movie is serviceable , but it doesn't really deliver the delicious guilty pleasure of the better film versions . 
train_pos293 several degrees shy of the gross-out contests one expects from current teen fare . 
train_pos294 the inherent strength of the material as well as the integrity of the filmmakers gives this coming-of-age story restraint as well as warmth . 
train_pos295 a gentle blend of present day testimonials , surviving footage of burstein and his family performing , historical archives , and telling stills . 
train_pos296 possession is elizabeth barrett browning meets nancy drew , and it's directed by . . . neil labute . hmm . 
train_pos297 an uneven but intriguing drama that is part homage and part remake of the italian masterpiece . 
train_pos298 having never been a huge fan of dickens' 800-page novel , it surprised me how much pleasure i had watching mcgrath's version . 
train_pos299 the best thing the film does is to show us not only what that mind looks like , but how the creative process itself operates . 
train_pos300 this is pretty dicey material . but some unexpected zigs and zags help . 
train_pos301 the laser-projected paintings provide a spell-casting beauty , while russell and dreyfus are a romantic pairing of hearts , preciously exposed as history corners them . 
train_pos302 this romantic thriller is steeped in the atmosphere of wartime england , and ably captures the speech patterns , moral codes and ideals of the 1940s . 
train_pos303 divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood may not be exactly divine , but it's definitely -- defiantly -- ya ya , what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances . 
train_pos304 a journey through memory , a celebration of living , and a sobering rumination on fatality , classism , and ignorance . 
train_pos305 resourceful and ingenious entertainment . 
train_pos306  " antwone fisher " is an earnest , by-the-numbers effort by washington . it won't rock any boats but is solid meat-and-potatoes filmmaking . 
train_pos307 we need [moore's] noisy , cocky energy , his passion and class consciousness ; we need his shticks , we need his stones . 
train_pos308 although the editing might have been tighter , hush ! sympathetically captures the often futile lifestyle of young people in modern japan . 
train_pos309 these are lives worth watching , paths worth following . 
train_pos310 a moody horror/thriller elevated by deft staging and the director's well-known narrative gamesmanship . 
train_pos311 as a singular character study , it's perfect . it's also the year's sweetest movie . 
train_pos312 while not as aggressively impressive as its american counterpart , " in the bedroom , " moretti's film makes its own , quieter observations
train_pos313 the experience of watching blobby old-school cgi animation in this superlarge format is just surreal enough to be diverting . 
train_pos314 time changer may not be the most memorable cinema session but its profound self-evaluation message about our fragile existence and the absence of spiritual guidance should at least invade an abundance of mindsets
train_pos315  " the emperor's new clothes " begins with a simple plan . . . . well , at least that's the plan . 
train_pos316 haynes has so fanatically fetishized every bizarre old-movie idiosyncrasy with such monastic devotion you're not sure if you should applaud or look into having him committed . 
train_pos317 the drama is played out with such aching beauty and truth that it brings tears to your eyes . 
train_pos318 an exciting and involving rock music doc , a smart and satisfying look inside that tumultuous world . 
train_pos319 sometimes , nothing satisfies like old-fashioned swashbuckling . and in this regard , on guard delivers . 
train_pos320  . . . ambition is in short supply in the cinema , and egoyan tackles his themes and explores his characters' crises with seriousness and compassion . 
train_pos321 an impossible romance , but we root for the patronized iranian lad . 
train_pos322 like dickens with his passages , mcgrath crafts quite moving scenes throughout his resolutely dramatic variation on the novel . 
train_pos323 an exceedingly clever piece of cinema . another great ‘what you don't see' is much more terrifying than what you do see thriller , coupled with some arresting effects , incandescent tones and stupendous performances
train_pos324 a carefully structured scream of consciousness that is tortured and unsettling--but unquestionably alive . 
train_pos325 cute , funny , heartwarming digitally animated feature film with plenty of slapstick humor for the kids , lots of in-jokes for the adults and heart enough for everyone . 
train_pos326 very solid , very watchable first feature for director peter sheridan
train_pos327 a budget affair that exposes the generally sad existence of the bedouins while providing a precious twinkle of insight into their lives . 
train_pos328 though the violence is far less sadistic than usual , the film is typical miike : fast , furious and full of off-the-cuff imaginative flourishes . 
train_pos329 compelling as it is exotic , fast runner has a plot that rivals shakespeare for intrigue , treachery and murder . 
train_pos330 the warm presence of zhao benshan makes the preposterous lying hero into something more than he reasonably should be . 
train_pos331 skip work to see it at the first opportunity . 
train_pos332 offers enough playful fun to entertain the preschool set while embracing a wholesome attitude . 
train_pos333 an intimate , good-humored ethnic comedy like numerous others but cuts deeper than expected . 
train_pos334 both deeply weird and charmingly dear . 
train_pos335 despite a story predictable enough to make the sound of music play like a nail-biting thriller , its heart is so much in the right place it is difficult to get really peeved at it . 
train_pos336 an incredibly low-rent danish film , it brings a group of people together in a sweet and charming way , if a little convenient
train_pos337 it's the cinematic equivalent of a good page-turner , and even if it's nonsense , its claws dig surprisingly deep . 
train_pos338 director nalin pan doesn't do much to weigh any arguments one way or the other . he simply presents his point of view that ayurveda works . no question . 
train_pos339 claude miller airs out a tight plot with an easy pace and a focus on character drama over crime-film complications . 
train_pos340 what full frontal lacks in thematic coherence it largely makes up for as loosey-goosey , experimental entertainment . still , i'm not quite sure what the point is…
train_pos341 rich in detail , gorgeously shot and beautifully acted , les destinees is , in its quiet , epic way , daring , inventive and refreshingly unusual . 
train_pos342 ford deserves to be remembered at oscar time for crafting this wonderful portrait of a conflicted soldier . 
train_pos343 don't expect any surprises in this checklist of teamwork cliches . . . 
train_pos344 as adapted by kevin molony from simon leys' novel " the death of napoleon " and directed by alan taylor , napoleon's journey is interesting but his parisian rebirth is stillborn
train_pos345 this warm and gentle romantic comedy has enough interesting characters to fill several movies , and its ample charms should win over the most hard-hearted cynics . 
train_pos346 a yarn that respects the marvel version without becoming ensnared by it . 
train_pos347 complex , affecting and uniquely almodóvar , the film evokes strong emotions and pushes viewers to question their deepest notions of moral right and wrong . 
train_pos348 it's one of the most honest films ever made about hollywood . 
train_pos349 it is a film that will have people walking out halfway through , will encourage others to stand up and applaud , and will , undoubtedly , leave both camps engaged in a ferocious debate for years to come . 
train_pos350 on its own cinematic terms , it successfully showcases the passions of both the director and novelist byatt . 
train_pos351 pray's film works well and will appeal even to those who aren't too familiar with turntablism . 
train_pos352 troubling and powerful . 
train_pos353 good movie . good actress . but if you expect light romantic comedy , good gosh , will you be shocked . 
train_pos354 it has the courage to wonder about big questions with sincerity and devotion . it risks seeming slow and pretentious , because it thinks the gamble is worth the promise . 
train_pos355 with youthful high spirits , tautou remains captivating throughout michele's religious and romantic quests , and she is backed by a likable cast . 
train_pos356 a very funny look at how another culture handles the process of courting and marriage . 
train_pos357 but tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wilde's droll whimsy helps " being earnest " overcome its weaknesses and parker's creative interference . . . 
train_pos358 much of the movie's charm lies in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo . their computer-animated faces are very expressive . 
train_pos359 the path ice age follows most closely , though , is the one established by warner bros . giant chuck jones , who died a matter of weeks before the movie's release . 
train_pos360 anchored by a terrific performance by abbass , satin rouge shows that the idea of women's self-actualization knows few continental divides . 
train_pos361 awkward but sincere and , ultimately , it wins you over . 
train_pos362 though the plot is predictable , the movie never feels formulaic , because the attention is on the nuances of the emotional development of the delicate characters . 
train_pos363 binoche and magimel are perfect in these roles . 
train_pos364 while undercover brother is definitely one for the masses , it's also full of sharp , smart satire . 
train_pos365 gets under the skin of a man who has just lost his wife . 
train_pos366 no wonder they're talking about " talk to her . " it's astonishing . 
train_pos367 a triumph , relentless and beautiful in its downbeat darkness . 
train_pos368 tailored to entertain ! 
train_pos369 a compelling , moving film that respects its audience and its source material . 
train_pos370 has a plot full of twists upon knots . . . and a nonstop parade of mock-tarantino scuzbag types that starts out clever but veers into overkill . 
train_pos371 the film benefits greatly from a less manic tone than its predecessor , as cho appears to have settled comfortably into her skin . 
train_pos372 an intelligent , earnest , intimate film that drops the ball only when it pauses for blunt exposition to make sure you're getting its metaphysical point . 
train_pos373 a modest pleasure that accomplishes its goals with ease and confidence . 
train_pos374 as teen movies go , " orange county " is a refreshing change
train_pos375 it is risky , intelligent , romantic and rapturous from start to finish . 
train_pos376  . . . spiced with humor ( 'i speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand ) and witty updatings ( silver's parrot has been replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around ) 
train_pos377 this is a raw and disturbing tale that took five years to make , and the trio's absorbing narrative is a heart-wrenching showcase indeed . 
train_pos378 aside from being the funniest movie of the year , simone , andrew niccol's brilliant anti-hollywood satire , has a wickedly eccentric enchantment to it . 
train_pos379 watstein handily directs and edits around his screenplay's sappier elements . . . and sustains off the hook's buildup with remarkable assuredness for a first-timer . 
train_pos380 it's the kind of pigeonhole-resisting romp that hollywood too rarely provides . 
train_pos381 reinforces the often forgotten fact of the world's remarkably varying human population and mindset , and its capacity to heal using creative , natural and ancient antidotes . 
train_pos382 a movie for 11-year-old boys with sports dreams of their own and the preteen girls who worship lil' bow wow . 
train_pos383 if you're not into the pokemon franchise , this fourth animated movie in four years won't convert you -- or even keep your eyes open . but fans should have fun meeting a brand-new pokemon called celebi . 
train_pos384 whether seen on a 10-inch television screen or at your local multiplex , the edge-of-your-seat , educational antics of steve irwin are priceless entertainment . 
train_pos385 has a shambling charm . . . a cheerfully inconsequential diversion . 
train_pos386 the movie has lots of dancing and fabulous music . there are slow and repetitive parts , but it has just enough spice to keep it interesting . 
train_pos387 there's not much more to this adaptation of the nick hornby novel than charm -- effortless , pleasurable , featherweight charm . 
train_pos388 as a belated nod to some neglected all-stars , standing in the shadows of motown is cultural history of the best kind : informative , revealing and richly entertaining . 
train_pos389 even if the ride's a little bumpy , with a final lap that's all too suspiciously smooth , you gotta give director roger michell , best known for the superfluous notting hill , credit for trying . 
train_pos390 this is carion's debut feature but his script and direction hums with a confidence that many spend entire careers trying to reach . 
train_pos391 an intelligent , moving and invigorating film . 
train_pos392  . . . one of the most ingenious and entertaining thrillers i've seen in quite a long time . 
train_pos393 a clever blend of fact and fiction . 
train_pos394 a vivid cinematic portrait . 
train_pos395 theirs is a simple and heart-warming story , full of mirth that should charm all but the most cynical . 
train_pos396 the film is an enjoyable family film -- pretty much aimed at any youngster who loves horses . 
train_pos397 it's a good film -- not a classic , but odd , entertaining and authentic . 
train_pos398 thurman and lewis are hilarious throughout . 
train_pos399 the plot is so amusingly contrived and outlandish in its coincidences that no one could ever mistake it for anything resembling reality
train_pos400 [fessenden] is much more into ambiguity and creating mood than he is for on screen thrills
train_pos401 a compelling journey . . . and " his best friend remembers " is up there with the finest of specials . 
train_pos402 at nearly three hours , the whole of safe conduct is less than the sum of its parts . 
train_pos403 the hours makes you examine your own life in much the same way its characters do , and the experience is profound . the hours is what movies are supposed to be . . . 
train_pos404 a bold and subversive film that cuts across the grain of what is popular and powerful in this high-tech age , speaking its truths with spellbinding imagery and the entrancing music of philip glass . 
train_pos405 pretty darn good , despite its smarty-pants aura . 
train_pos406 woo's fights have a distinct flair . his warriors collide in balletic explosion that implies an underlying order throughout the chaos . 
train_pos407 barney has created a tour de force that is weird , wacky and wonderful . 
train_pos408  . . . an agreeable time-wasting device -- but george pal's low-tech 1960 version still rules the epochs . 
train_pos409 it's a brave attempt to tap into the heartbeat of the world , a salute to the universal language of rhythm and a zippy sampling of sounds . 
train_pos410 i don't think i've been as entranced and appalled by an asian film since shinya tsukamoto's iron man . 
train_pos411 it is so refreshing to see robin williams turn 180 degrees from the string of insultingly innocuous and sappy fiascoes he's been making for the last several years . 
train_pos412 director benoit jacquot , making his first opera-to-film translation with tosca , conveys the heaving passion of puccini's famous love-jealousy- murder-suicide fandango with great cinematic innovation . 
train_pos413 lilia's transformation from strict mother to sensual siren is superficially preposterous , but abbas infuses the role with an unimpeachable core of emotional truth . 
train_pos414 the perfect film for those who like sick comedies that can be snide . 
train_pos415 'charly' will divide its audience in two separate groups , those reaching for more tissues and those begging for mercy . . . 
train_pos416 the film is just a big , gorgeous , mind-blowing , breath-taking mess . 
train_pos417 sharp , lively , funny and ultimately sobering film . 
train_pos418 a worthy tribute to a great humanitarian and her vibrant 'co-stars . '
train_pos419 a recent favourite at sundance , this white-trash satire will inspire the affection of even those unlucky people who never owned a cassette of def leppard's pyromania . 
train_pos420 the recording session is the only part of the film that is enlightening -- and how appreciative you are of this depends on your level of fandom . 
train_pos421 occasionally funny and consistently odd , and it works reasonably well as a star vehicle for zhao . 
train_pos422  . . . an inviting piece of film . 
train_pos423 a startling and fresh examination of how the bike still remains an ambiguous icon in chinese society . 
train_pos424 a highly intriguing thriller , coupled with some ingenious plot devices and some lavishly built settings . . it's a worthwhile tutorial in quantum physics and slash-dash
train_pos425 at its best , the good girl is a refreshingly adult take on adultery . . . 
train_pos426 a slick , well-oiled machine , exquisitely polished and upholstered . 
train_pos427 it helps that the central performers are experienced actors , and that they know their roles so well . 
train_pos428 a provocative movie about loss , anger , greed , jealousy , sickness and love . 
train_pos429 worth the effort to watch . 
train_pos430 a work of the utmost subtlety and perception , it marks the outstanding feature debut of writer-director eric byler , who understands the power of the implicit and the virtues of simplicity and economy . 
train_pos431 full frontal is the antidote for soderbergh fans who think he's gone too commercial since his two oscar nominated films in 2000
train_pos432 it turns out to be a cut above the norm , thanks to some clever writing and sprightly acting . 
train_pos433 you might not want to hang out with samantha , but you'll probably see a bit of yourself in her unfinished story . 
train_pos434 you have to pay attention to follow all the stories , but they're each interesting . the movie is well shot and very tragic , and one to ponder after the credits roll . 
train_pos435 más sarcástica , divertida y demencial que su predecesora , es un buen ejemplo de lo que es el cine de entretenimiento puro y sin complejos . 
train_pos436 a psychological thriller with a smart script and an obsessive-compulsive's attention to detail . 
train_pos437 often hilarious . 
train_pos438 at times funny and at other times candidly revealing , it's an intriguing look at two performers who put themselves out there because they love what they do . 
train_pos439 westfeldt and juergensen exude a chemistry and comfort level that's both saucy and endearing . 
train_pos440 harsh , effective documentary on life in the israeli-occupied palestinian territories . 
train_pos441 the film is all a little lit crit 101 , but it's extremely well played and often very funny . 
train_pos442 earns its laughs from stock redneck 'types' and from the many , many moments when we recognize even without the elizabethan prose , the play behind the thing . 
train_pos443 a real story about real people living their lives concerned about the future of an elderly , mentally handicapped family member . 
train_pos444 a dream cast of solid female talent who build a seamless ensemble . there isn't a weak or careless performance amongst them . 
train_pos445 often moving and explores the discomfort inherent in the contacts between the american 'hosts' and their 'guests . '
train_pos446 though the controversial korean filmmaker's latest effort is not for all tastes , it offers gorgeous imagery , effective performances , and an increasingly unsettling sense of foreboding . 
train_pos447 the story may not be new , but australian director john polson , making his american feature debut , jazzes it up adroitly . 
train_pos448 it's neither as romantic nor as thrilling as it should be . but it offers plenty to ponder and chew on as its unusual relationship slowly unfolds . 
train_pos449 merchant effectively translates naipaul's lively mix of characters from the page to screen . 
train_pos450 what could have become just another cautionary fable is allowed to play out as a clever , charming tale – as pleasantly in its own way as its self-dramatizing characters . 
train_pos451 davis has filled out his cast with appealing fresh faces . 
train_pos452  " auto focus " works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the playboy era
train_pos453 a fast-moving and remarkable film that appears destined to become a landmark in japanese animation . 
train_pos454  . . . a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920's . . . the film's ending has a " what was it all for ? " feeling to it , but like the 1920's , the trip there is a great deal of fun . 
train_pos455 a worthy entry into a very difficult genre . 
train_pos456 eight crazy nights is a showcase for sandler's many talents . 
train_pos457 a sweet-natured reconsideration of one of san francisco's most vital , if least widely recognized , creative fountainheads . 
train_pos458 this is one of the most visually stunning and thematically moving epics in recent memory , and in spite of numerous minor flaws , scorsese's best in more than a decade . 
train_pos459 a richly imagined and admirably mature work from a gifted director who definitely has something on his mind . 
train_pos460 it's a nicely detailed world of pawns , bishops and kings , of wagers in dingy backrooms or pristine forests . 
train_pos461 a charming , quirky and leisurely paced scottish comedy -- except with an outrageous central gimmick that could have been a reject from monty python's meaning of life . 
train_pos462 it never fails to engage us . 
train_pos463 this is the kind of movie that used to be right at home at the saturday matinee , and it still is . 
train_pos464 the spark of special anime magic here is unmistakable and hard to resist . 
train_pos465 baran isn't the most transporting or gripping film from iran -- or , indeed , by its director -- but it's a worthy companion to the many fine , focused films emerging from that most surprising of nations . 
train_pos466 dark , resonant , inventively detailed and packed with fleet turns of plot and a feast of visual amazement . 
train_pos467 a picture that extols the virtues of comradeship and community in a spunky , spirited fashion . 
train_pos468 here , adrian lyne comes as close to profundity as he is likely to get . 
train_pos469 evokes a little of the fear that parents have for the possible futures of their children--and the sometimes bad choices mothers and fathers make in the interests of doing them good . 
train_pos470 uno de los policiales más interesantes de los últimos tiempos . 
train_pos471 rain is a small treasure , enveloping the viewer in a literal and spiritual torpor that is anything but cathartic . 
train_pos472 this concoction , so bizarre to the adult mind , is actually a charming triumph where its intended under-12 audience is concerned . 
train_pos473 it's a beautifully accomplished lyrical meditation on a bunch of despondent and vulnerable characters living in the renown chelsea hotel . . . 
train_pos474 is it a total success ? no . is it something any true film addict will want to check out ? you bet . 
train_pos475 the disarming cornball atmosphere has a way of infecting the entire crowd as the film rolls on . 
train_pos476 engrossing and affecting , if ultimately not quite satisfying . 
train_pos477 a sly game of cat and mouse that's intense and thrilling at times , but occasionally stretches believability to its limits and relies on predictable plot contrivances . 
train_pos478 funny and , at times , poignant , the film from director george hickenlooper all takes place in pasadena , " a city where people still read . " 
train_pos479 this horror-comedy doesn't go for the usual obvious laughs at the expense of cheap-looking monsters -- unless you count elvira's hooters . 
train_pos480 the movie's eventual success should be credited to dennis quaid , in fighting trim shape as an athlete as well as an actor
train_pos481 there is a refreshing absence of cynicism in stuart little 2--quite a rarity , even in the family film market . eventually , it wins you over . 
train_pos482 like a south-of-the-border melrose place . 
train_pos483 those with an interest in new or singular sorts of film experiences will find what time is it there ? well worth the time . 
train_pos484 huppert gives erika a persona that is so intriguing that you find yourself staring hypnotically at her , trying to understand her and wondering if she'll crack . 
train_pos485 the actors are so terrific at conveying their young angst , we do indeed feel for them . 
train_pos486 the reason this picture works better than its predecessors is that myers is no longer simply spoofing the mini-mod-madness of '60s spy movies . 
train_pos487 a compelling portrait of moral emptiness
train_pos488  . . . blade ii is more enjoyable than the original . 
train_pos489 a film that takes you inside the rhythms of its subject : you experience it as you watch . 
train_pos490 reinforces the talents of screenwriter charlie kaufman , creator of adaptation and being john malkovich . 
train_pos491 greene delivers a typically solid performance in a role that is a bit of a departure from the noble characters he has played in the past , and he is matched by schweig , who carries the film on his broad , handsome shoulders . 
train_pos492 a stunning piece of visual poetry that will , hopefully , be remembered as one of the most important stories to be told in australia's film history . 
train_pos493 invincible is a wonderful movie . 
train_pos494  . . . a cute and sometimes side-splittingly funny blend of legally blonde and drop dead gorgeous , starring piper perabo in what could be her breakthrough role . 
train_pos495 dazzling and sugar-sweet , a blast of shallow magnificence that only sex , scandal , and a chorus line of dangerous damsels can deliver . 
train_pos496 occasionally amateurishly made but a winsome cast and nice dialogue keeps it going . 
train_pos497 japan's premier stylist of sex and blood hits audiences with what may be his most demented film to date . 
train_pos498 culkin , who's in virtually every scene , shines as a young man who uses sarcastic lies like a shield . 
train_pos499 cuts right through the b . s . giving a big middle-fingered " shut up " to those who talk up what is nothing more than two guys beating the hell outta one another . 
train_pos500  . . . does such a fine job of engulfing you in its world and allying you with its characters' choices , good and ill , that its shortcomings are remembered only as an afterthought . 
train_pos501 marvelous , merry and , yes , melancholy film . 
train_pos502 novak manages to capture a cruelly hilarious vein of black comedy in the situation with his cast of non-actors and a gritty , no-budget approach . 
train_pos503 there was time on that second round to see the subtleties of ramsay's portrait of grief . 
train_pos504 we can see the wheels turning , and we might resent it sometimes , but this is still a nice little picture , made by bright and friendly souls with a lot of good cheer . 
train_pos505 the way coppola professes his love for movies -- both colorful pop junk and the classics that unequivocally qualify as art -- is giddily entertaining . 
train_pos506 a worthwhile way to spend two hours . 
train_pos507 sensitive , insightful and beautifully rendered film . one of the best of the year . 
train_pos508 an endlessly fascinating , landmark movie that is as bold as anything the cinema has seen in years . 
train_pos509 they crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness . and we don't avert our eyes for a moment . 
train_pos510 mixes likeable personalities , inventive photography and cutting , and wall-to-wall toe-tapping music to paint a picture of a subculture that is at once exhilarating , silly , perverse , hopeful and always fun . 
train_pos511 the long-range appeal of " minority report " should transcend any awards it bags . this is one for the ages . 
train_pos512 [a] superbly controlled , passionate adaptation of graham greene's 1955 novel . 
train_pos513 an enchanting film that presents an audacious tour of the past and takes within its warm embrace the bounties of cultural artifacts inside st . petersburg's hermitage museum . 
train_pos514 [hawn's character]is so bluntly written , without a trace of sentimentality , and so blisteringly defined , that every other character seems overlooked and underwritten . 
train_pos515 the heightened symmetry of this new/old cinema paradiso makes the film a fuller experience , like an old friend haunted by the exigencies of time . 
train_pos516 the powers team has fashioned a comedy with more laughs than many , no question . but this time there's some mold on the gold . 
train_pos517 a film that is a portrait of grace in an imperfect world . 
train_pos518 a perverse little truffle , dainty psychological terror on the outside with a creamy filling of familial jealousy and unrepentant domestic psychopathy . 
train_pos519 this ecologically minded , wildlife friendly film teaches good ethics while entertaining with its unconventionally wacky but loving family
train_pos520 an enjoyably half-wit remake of the venerable italian comedy big deal on madonna street . 
train_pos521 it takes this never-ending confusion and hatred , puts a human face on it , evokes shame among all who are party to it and even promotes understanding . 
train_pos522 reign of fire may be little more than another platter of reheated aliens , but it's still pretty tasty . 
train_pos523 two hours of melodramatic musical married to two hours of underdog sports intrigue , if the picture also shares the weaknesses of both genres , more's the pity . 
train_pos524 an epic of grandeur and scale that's been decades gone from the popcorn pushing sound stages of hollywood . 
train_pos525 an enjoyable film for the family , amusing and cute for both adults and kids . 
train_pos526  " the mothman prophecies " is a difficult film to shake from your conscience when night falls . 
train_pos527 the second chapter of the harry potter series is even more magical than the first and simply the best family film of the year . 
train_pos528 more honest about alzheimer's disease , i think , than iris . 
train_pos529 the acting alone is worth the price of admission . 
train_pos530 an excellent romp that boasts both a heart and a mind . 
train_pos531 interacting eyeball-to-eyeball and toe-to-toe , hopkins and norton are a winning combination -- but fiennes steals 'red dragon' right from under their noses . 
train_pos532 this is a terrific character study , a probe into the life of a complex man . 
train_pos533 impresses you with its open-endedness and surprises . 
train_pos534 this isn't a narrative film -- i don't know if it's possible to make a narrative film about september 11th , though i'm sure some will try -- but it's as close as anyone has dared to come . 
train_pos535 my oh my , is this an invigorating , electric movie . 
train_pos536 the two leads chomp considerably more scenery with their acting than fire-breathing monsters barbecue with their breath . . . 
train_pos537 never once predictable . 
train_pos538 the film is painfully authentic , and the performances of the young players are utterly convincing . 
train_pos539 if it seems like a minor miracle that its septuagenarian star is young enough to be the nonagenarian filmmaker's son , more incredible still are the clear-eyed boldness and quiet irony with which actor and director take on life's urgent questions . 
train_pos540 a candid and often fascinating documentary about a pentecostal church in dallas that assembles an elaborate haunted house each year to scare teenagers into attending services . 
train_pos541 fans of the animated wildlife adventure show will be in warthog heaven ; others need not necessarily apply . 
train_pos542 nolan bravely treads where few american films dare to delve -- into the world of ambivalence and ambiguity . . . 
train_pos543 this is cool , slick stuff , ready to quench the thirst of an audience that misses the summer blockbusters . 
train_pos544 the movie is full of fine performances , led by josef bierbichler as brecht and monica bleibtreu as helene weigel , his wife . 
train_pos545 andy garcia enjoys one of his richest roles in years and mick jagger gives his best movie performance since , well , performance . 
train_pos546 the movie isn't always easy to look at . but if it is indeed a duty of art to reflect life , than leigh has created a masterful piece of artistry right here . 
train_pos547 it's [ricci's] best work yet , this girl-woman who sincerely believes she can thwart the world's misery with blind good will . 
train_pos548 highlights are the terrific performances by christopher plummer , as the prime villain , and nathan lane as vincent crummles , the eccentric theater company manager . 
train_pos549 superior genre storytelling , which gets under our skin simply by crossing the nuclear line . 
train_pos550 its gross-out gags and colorful set pieces . . . are of course stultifyingly contrived and too stylized by half . still , it gets the job done -- a sleepy afternoon rental . 
train_pos551 it further declares its director , zhang yang of shower , as a boldly experimental , contemporary stylist with a bright future . 
train_pos552 smith's approach is never to tease , except gently and in that way that makes us consider our own eccentricities and how they are expressed through our homes . 
train_pos553 a movie that will touch the hearts of both children and adults , as well as bring audiences to the edge of their seats . 
train_pos554 fine acting but there is no sense of connecting the dots , just dots . 
train_pos555 a blessed gift to film geeks and historians . if the '70's were your idea of a good time at the movies , this will make you very happy . 
train_pos556 thoughtful , even stinging at times , and lots of fun . 
train_pos557 if you love motown music , you'll love this documentary . 
train_pos558 this time out , [sade] is an unsettlingly familiar figure -- in turns loyal and deceitful , responsible and reckless , idealistically selfless and coldly self-interested . 
train_pos559 even when foreign directors . . . borrow stuff from hollywood , they invariably shake up the formula and make it more interesting . 
train_pos560 sturdy , entertaining period drama . . . both caine and fraser have their moments . 
train_pos561 whether [binoche and magimel] are being charming or angst-ridden , they easily fill their scenes and , fine judges both , never overcook the hysteria . 
train_pos562 a spunky , original take on a theme that will resonate with singles of many ages . 
train_pos563 it's a glorious groove that leaves you wanting more . 
train_pos564 majidi gets uniformly engaging performances from his largely amateur cast . 
train_pos565  . . . a well-observed and disturbing little movie
train_pos566 fans of nijinsky will savor every minute of cox's work . 
train_pos567 everything you loved about it in 1982 is still there , for everybody who wants to be a kid again , or show it to their own kids . 
train_pos568 jagger the actor is someone you want to see again . 
train_pos569 warm and exotic . 
train_pos570 escapism in its purest form . 
train_pos571 there is a kind of attentive concern that hoffman brings to his characters , as if he has been giving them private lessons , and now it is time for their first public recital . 
train_pos572 a comic gem with some serious sparkles . 
train_pos573 a loving little film of considerable appeal . 
train_pos574 although it's a bit smug and repetitive , this documentary engages your brain in a way few current films do . 
train_pos575 flawed but worthy look at life in u . s . relocation camps . 
train_pos576 it's a lovely film with lovely performances by buy and accorsi . 
train_pos577 no one goes unindicted here , which is probably for the best . and if you're not nearly moved to tears by a couple of scenes , you've got ice water in your veins . 
train_pos578 uses sharp humor and insight into human nature to examine class conflict , adolescent yearning , the roots of friendship and sexual identity . 
train_pos579 entertains by providing good , lively company . 
train_pos580 visually imaginative , thematically instructive and thoroughly delightful , it takes us on a roller-coaster ride from innocence to experience without even a hint of that typical kiddie-flick sentimentality . 
train_pos581 unlike the speedy wham-bam effect of most hollywood offerings , character development -- and more importantly , character empathy -- is at the heart of italian for beginners . 
train_pos582 you'll gasp appalled and laugh outraged and possibly , watching the spectacle of a promising young lad treading desperately in a nasty sea , shed an errant tear . 
train_pos583 the band's courage in the face of official repression is inspiring , especially for aging hippies ( this one included ) . 
train_pos584 a beguiling splash of pastel colors and prankish comedy from disney . 
train_pos585 as surreal as a dream and as detailed as a photograph , as visually dexterous as it is at times imaginatively overwhelming . 
train_pos586 the film serves as a valuable time capsule to remind us of the devastating horror suffered by an entire people . 
train_pos587 what's surprising about full frontal is that despite its overt self-awareness , parts of the movie still manage to break past the artifice and thoroughly engage you . 
train_pos588  . . . an otherwise intense , twist-and-turn thriller that certainly shouldn't hurt talented young gaghan's resume . 
train_pos589 there's . . . tremendous energy from the cast , a sense of playfulness and excitement that seems appropriate . 
train_pos590 it moves quickly , adroitly , and without fuss ; it doesn't give you time to reflect on the inanity -- and the cold war datedness -- of its premise . 
train_pos591 it's a remarkably solid and subtly satirical tour de force . 
train_pos592 a poignant , artfully crafted meditation on mortality . 
train_pos593 not only is undercover brother as funny , if not more so , than both austin powers films , but it's also one of the smarter , savvier spoofs to come along in some time . 
train_pos594 it's a stunning lyrical work of considerable force and truth . 
train_pos595 the inhospitability of the land emphasizes the spare precision of the narratives and helps to give them an atavistic power , as if they were tales that had been handed down since the beginning of time . 
train_pos596 [næs] directed the stage version of elling , and gets fine performances from his two leads who originated the characters on stage . 
train_pos597 made me unintentionally famous — as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby . but believe it or not , it's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i've seen . 
train_pos598 a coda in every sense , the pinochet case splits time between a minute-by-minute account of the british court's extradition chess game and the regime's talking-head survivors . 
train_pos599 like mike is a winner for kids , and no doubt a winner for lil bow wow , who can now add movies to the list of things he does well . 
train_pos600 [t]his beguiling belgian fable , very much its own droll and delicate little film , has some touching things to say about what is important in life and why . 
train_pos601 you won't like roger , but you will quickly recognize him . and that's a big part of why we go to the movies . 
train_pos602 we know the plot's a little crazy , but it held my interest from start to finish . 
train_pos603 a fast , funny , highly enjoyable movie . 
train_pos604 a celebration of quirkiness , eccentricity , and certain individuals' tendency to let it all hang out , and damn the consequences . 
train_pos605 writer/director joe carnahan's grimy crime drama is a manual of precinct cliches , but it moves fast enough to cover its clunky dialogue and lapses in logic . 
train_pos606 a smart , witty follow-up . 
train_pos607 it provides an honest look at a community striving to anchor itself in new grounds . 
train_pos608 add yet another hat to a talented head , clooney's a good director . 
train_pos609 building slowly and subtly , the film , sporting a breezy spontaneity and realistically drawn characterizations , develops into a significant character study that is both moving and wise . 
train_pos610 ultimately feels empty and unsatisfying , like swallowing a communion wafer without the wine . 
train_pos611 without ever becoming didactic , director carlos carrera expertly weaves this novelistic story of entangled interrelationships and complex morality . 
train_pos612 it's a coming-of-age story we've all seen bits of in other films -- but it's rarely been told with such affecting grace and cultural specificity . 
train_pos613 a literate presentation that wonderfully weaves a murderous event in 1873 with murderous rage in 2002 . 
train_pos614 makes even the claustrophobic on-board quarters seem fun . 
train_pos615 one of the best films of the year with its exploration of the obstacles to happiness faced by five contemporary individuals . . . a psychological masterpiece . 
train_pos616 for the most part stevens glides through on some solid performances and witty dialogue . 
train_pos617 broomfield turns his distinctive 'blundering' style into something that could really help clear up the case . 
train_pos618 against all odds in heaven and hell , it creeped me out just fine . 
train_pos619 it's refreshing to see a girl-power movie that doesn't feel it has to prove anything . 
train_pos620 a rigorously structured and exquisitely filmed drama about a father and son connection that is a brief shooting star of love . 
train_pos621 a quiet treasure -- a film to be savored . 
train_pos622 may be far from the best of the series , but it's assured , wonderfully respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation . 
train_pos623 huston nails both the glad-handing and the choking sense of hollow despair . 
train_pos624 may not have generated many sparks , but with his affection for astoria and its people he has given his tale a warm glow . 
train_pos625 a delirious celebration of the female orgasm . 
train_pos626 leigh's film is full of memorable performances from top to bottom . 
train_pos627 one of the most significant moviegoing pleasures of the year . 
train_pos628 jose campanella delivers a loosely autobiographical story brushed with sentimentality but brimming with gentle humor , bittersweet pathos , and lyric moments that linger like snapshots of memory . 
train_pos629 not only are the special effects and narrative flow much improved , and daniel radcliffe more emotionally assertive this time around as harry , but the film conjures the magic of author j . k . rowling's books . 
train_pos630 a must-see for the david mamet enthusiast and for anyone who appreciates intelligent , stylish moviemaking . 
train_pos631 crackerjack entertainment -- nonstop romance , music , suspense and action . 
train_pos632 garcía bernal and talancón are an immensely appealing couple , and even though their story is predictable , you'll want things to work out . 
train_pos633 far more imaginative and ambitious than the trivial , cash-in features nickelodeon has made from its other animated tv series . 
train_pos634 the very definition of the 'small' movie , but it is a good stepping stone for director sprecher . 
train_pos635 suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative . still , as a visual treat , the film is almost unsurpassed . 
train_pos636 an intriguing cinematic omnibus and round-robin that occasionally is more interesting in concept than in execution . 
train_pos637 so refreshingly incisive is grant that for the first time he'll probably appeal more to guys than to their girlfriends who drag them to this movie for the hugh factor . 
train_pos638 at a time when half the so-called real movies are little more than live-action cartoons , it's refreshing to see a cartoon that knows what it is , and knows the form's history . 
train_pos639 the magic of the film lies not in the mysterious spring but in the richness of its performances . 
train_pos640 hoffman notches in the nuances of pain , but his smart , edgy voice and waddling profile ( emphasized here ) accent the humor of wilson's plight , and that saves his pathos from drippiness . 
train_pos641 what better message than 'love thyself' could young women of any size receive ? 
train_pos642 84 minutes of rolling musical back beat and supercharged cartoon warfare . it's also , clearly , great fun . 
train_pos643 a warm but realistic meditation on friendship , family and affection . 
train_pos644 turns potentially forgettable formula into something strangely diverting . 
train_pos645 bogdanovich tantalizes by offering a peep show into the lives of the era's creme de la celluloid . 
train_pos646 people cinema at its finest . 
train_pos647 what really makes it special is that it pulls us into its world , gives us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share , surrounds him with interesting characters and sends us out of the theater feeling we've shared a great adventure . 
train_pos648  . . . a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs – sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh . 
train_pos649 dense with characters and contains some thrilling moments . 
train_pos650 lapaglia's ability to convey grief and hope works with weaver's sensitive reactions to make this a two-actor master class . 
train_pos651 the best film about baseball to hit theaters since field of dreams . 
train_pos652 instead of a hyperbolic beat-charged urban western , it's an unpretentious , sociologically pointed slice of life . 
train_pos653 the film tunes into a grief that could lead a man across centuries . 
train_pos654 if the count of monte cristo doesn't transform caviezel into a movie star , then the game is even more rigged than it was two centuries ago . 
train_pos655 as a tolerable diversion , the film suffices ; a triumph , however , it is not . 
train_pos656 if director michael dowse only superficially understands his characters , he doesn't hold them in contempt . 
train_pos657 if your taste runs to 'difficult' films you absolutely can't miss it . 
train_pos658 [city] reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of 'analyze this' ( 1999 ) and 'analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year . 
train_pos659  . . . a story we haven't seen on the big screen before , and it's a story that we as americans , and human beings , should know . 
train_pos660 looking aristocratic , luminous yet careworn in jane hamilton's exemplary costumes , rampling gives a performance that could not be improved upon . 
train_pos661 ' . . . mafia , rap stars and hood rats butt their ugly heads in a regurgitation of cinematic violence that gives brutal birth to an unlikely , but likable , hero . '
train_pos662 fun , flip and terribly hip bit of cinematic entertainment . 
train_pos663 montias . . . pumps a lot of energy into his nicely nuanced narrative and surrounds himself with a cast of quirky -- but not stereotyped -- street characters . 
train_pos664 falls neatly into the category of good stupid fun . 
train_pos665 even in its most tedious scenes , russian ark is mesmerizing . 
train_pos666 the continued good chemistry between carmen and juni is what keeps this slightly disappointing sequel going , with enough amusing banter -- blessedly curse-free -- to keep both kids and parents entertained . 
train_pos667 unfortunately , it appears that [jackie] chan's us influence is starting to show in his hong kong films . 
train_pos668 a big , gorgeous , sprawling swashbuckler that delivers its diversions in grand , uncomplicated fashion . 
train_pos669 the wanton slipperiness of * corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art . 
train_pos670 sade is an engaging look at the controversial eponymous and fiercely atheistic hero . 
train_pos671 a quiet , pure , elliptical film
train_pos672 the subtle strength of " elling " is that it never loses touch with the reality of the grim situation . 
train_pos673 the format gets used best . . . to capture the dizzying heights achieved by motocross and bmx riders , whose balletic hotdogging occasionally ends in bone-crushing screwups . 
train_pos674 it deserves to be seen by anyone with even a passing interest in the events shaping the world beyond their own horizons . 
train_pos675 thanks to scott's charismatic roger and eisenberg's sweet nephew , roger dodger is one of the most compelling variations on in the company of men . 
train_pos676 you don't have to know about music to appreciate the film's easygoing blend of comedy and romance . 
train_pos677 third time's the charm . . . yeah , baby ! 
train_pos678 a film about a young man finding god that is accessible and touching to the marrow . 
train_pos679 the film's snags and stumblings are more than compensated for by its wryly subversive tone . 
train_pos680 inside the film's conflict-powered plot there is a decent moral trying to get out , but it's not that , it's the tension that keeps you in your seat . affleck and jackson are good sparring partners . 
train_pos681 a subtle and well-crafted ( for the most part ) chiller . 
train_pos682 the best revenge may just be living well because this film , unlike other dumas adaptations , is far more likened to a treasure than a lengthy jail sentence . 
train_pos683 one of creepiest , scariest movies to come along in a long , long time , easily rivaling blair witch or the others . 
train_pos684 pacino is brilliant as the sleep-deprived dormer , his increasing weariness as much existential as it is physical . 
train_pos685 manages to be sweet and wickedly satisfying at the same time . 
train_pos686 this nickleby thing might have more homosexual undertones than an eddie murphy film . and just when you think it can't get any more gay , in pops nathan lane . 
train_pos687 old-form moviemaking at its best . 
train_pos688 ahhhh . . . revenge is sweet ! 
train_pos689 you will emerge with a clearer view of how the gears of justice grind on and the death report comes to share airtime alongside the farm report . 
train_pos690 ruzowitzky has taken this mothball-y stuff and made a rather sturdy , old-fashioned entertainment out of it . 
train_pos691 in spite of good housekeeping's unsavory characters and wwf mentality , this white trash war of the roses is a surprisingly engaging film . 
train_pos692 collateral damage finally delivers the goods for schwarzenegger fans . 
train_pos693 as a first-time director , paxton has tapped something in himself as an actor that provides frailty with its dark soul . 
train_pos694 by the time we learn that andrew's turnabout is fair play is every bit as awful as borchardt's coven , we can enjoy it anyway . 
train_pos695 this riveting world war ii moral suspense story deals with the shadow side of american culture : racial prejudice in its ugly and diverse forms . 
train_pos696 a tender , heartfelt family drama . 
train_pos697 a difficult , absorbing film that manages to convey more substance despite its repetitions and inconsistencies than do most films than are far more pointed and clear . 
train_pos698 huppert's superbly controlled display of murderous vulnerability ensures that malice has a very human face . 
train_pos699 a cartoon that's truly cinematic in scope , and a story that's compelling and heartfelt -- even if the heart belongs to a big , four-legged herbivore . 
train_pos700 polished , well-structured film . 
train_pos701 there's something auspicious , and daring , too , about the artistic instinct that pushes a majority-oriented director like steven spielberg to follow a . i . with this challenging report so liable to unnerve the majority . 
train_pos702 for anyone unfamiliar with pentacostal practices in general and theatrical phenomenon of hell houses in particular , it's an eye-opener . 
train_pos703 it's a bit disappointing that it only manages to be decent instead of dead brilliant . 
train_pos704 apesar de seus graves problemas , o filme consegue entreter . 
train_pos705 an operatic , sprawling picture that's entertainingly acted , magnificently shot and gripping enough to sustain most of its 170-minute length . 
train_pos706 the far future may be awesome to consider , but from period detail to matters of the heart , this film is most transporting when it stays put in the past . 
train_pos707 it inspires a continuing and deeply satisfying awareness of the best movies as monumental 'picture shows . '
train_pos708 by candidly detailing the politics involved in the creation of an extraordinary piece of music , [jones] calls our attention to the inherent conflict between commerce and creativity . 
train_pos709 it's unnerving to see recoing's bizzarre reaction to his unemployment . good film , but very glum . 
train_pos710 much as we might be interested in gratuitous sexualization , haneke has a different objective in mind--namely the implications of our craving for fake stimulation . 
train_pos711 dazzling in its complexity , disturbing for its extraordinary themes , the piano teacher is a film that defies categorisation . it haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is impossible to look away . ah yes , and then there's the music . . . 
train_pos712 although jackson is doubtless reserving the darkest hours for the return of the king , we long for a greater sense of urgency in the here and now of the two towers . 
train_pos713 it will not appeal to the impatient , but those who like long books and movies will admire the way it accumulates power and depth . 
train_pos714  " the ring " is pretty much an english-language copy of the film that inspired it , and it carries the same strengths and flaws . 
train_pos715 the wild thornberrys movie is a jolly surprise . 
train_pos716 griffiths proves she's that rare luminary who continually raises the standard of her profession . 
train_pos717 prancing his way through the tailor-made part of a male hooker approaching the end of his vitality , jagger obviously relishes every self-mocking moment . 
train_pos718 an important movie , a reminder of the power of film to move us and to make us examine our values . 
train_pos719 is this love or is it masochism ? binoche makes it interesting trying to find out . 
train_pos720 a pleasant , if forgettable , romp of a film . 
train_pos721 worth watching for dong jie's performance -- and for the way it documents a culture in the throes of rapid change . 
train_pos722 it's one heck of a character study -- not of hearst or davies but of the unique relationship between them . 
train_pos723 a subject like this should inspire reaction in its audience ; the pianist does not . 
train_pos724 equilibrium is what george orwell might have imagined had today's mood-altering drug therapy been envisioned by chemists in 1949 . 
train_pos725 martin and barbara are complex characters -- sometimes tender , sometimes angry -- and the delicate performances by sven wollter and viveka seldahl make their hopes and frustrations vivid . 
train_pos726 it's so good that you can practically see the hollywood 'suits' trying to put together the cast and filmmaking team for the all-too -inevitable american remake . 
train_pos727 the weight of the piece , the unerring professionalism of the chilly production , and the fascination embedded in the lurid topic prove recommendation enough . 
train_pos728 an absurdist comedy about alienation , separation and loss . 
train_pos729 holm . . . embodies the character with an effortlessly regal charisma . 
train_pos730 among the year's most intriguing explorations of alientation . 
train_pos731 seldom has a movie so closely matched the spirit of a man and his work . 
train_pos732 audrey tatou has a knack for picking roles that magnify her outrageous charm , and in this literate french comedy , she's as morning-glory exuberant as she was in amélie . 
train_pos733 it just may inspire a few younger moviegoers to read stevenson's book , which is a treasure in and of itself . 
train_pos734 overall very good for what it's trying to do . 
train_pos735 it may seem long at 110 minutes if you're not a fan , because it includes segments of 12 songs at a reunion concert . 
train_pos736 it proves quite compelling as an intense , brooding character study . 
train_pos737 the son's room is a triumph of gentility that earns its moments of pathos . 
train_pos738 the film may appear naked in its narrative form . . . but it goes deeper than that , to fundamental choices that include the complexity of the catholic doctrine
train_pos739 one of the smartest takes on singles culture i've seen in a long time . 
train_pos740 the emotions are raw and will strike a nerve with anyone who's ever had family trauma . 
train_pos741 holy mad maniac in a mask , splat-man ! good old-fashioned slash-and-hack is back ! 
train_pos742 by the end of the movie , you're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular . 
train_pos743 the french are rather good at this kind of thing , unlike the americans , who have a passion for musketeers , only to spoof them . 
train_pos744 it's an offbeat treat that pokes fun at the democratic exercise while also examining its significance for those who take part . 
train_pos745 maneuvers skillfully through the plot's hot brine -- until it's undone by the sogginess of its contemporary characters , and actors . 
train_pos746 it has the ability to offend and put off everyone , but it holds you with its outrageousness . 
train_pos747 a poignant and compelling story about relationships , food of love takes us on a bumpy but satisfying journey of the heart . 
train_pos748 birot creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters . 
train_pos749 aside from minor tinkering , this is the same movie you probably loved in 1994 , except that it looks even better . 
train_pos750 vera's three actors -- mollà , gil and bardem -- excel in insightful , empathetic performances . 
train_pos751 a marvel like none you've seen . 
train_pos752 writer/director mark romanek spotlights the underlying caste system in america . it's a scathing portrayal . 
train_pos753 this is a good script , good dialogue , funny even for adults . the characters are interesting and often very creatively constructed from figure to backstory . the film will play equally well on both the standard and giant screens . 
train_pos754 moody , heartbreaking , and filmed in a natural , unforced style that makes its characters seem entirely convincing even when its script is not . 
train_pos755 not a film to rival to live , but a fine little amuse-bouche to keep your appetite whetted . 
train_pos756 gives you the steady pulse of life in a beautiful city viewed through the eyes of a character who , in spite of tragic loss and increasing decrepitude , knows in his bones that he is one of the luckiest men alive . 
train_pos757 macdowell , whose wifty southern charm has anchored lighter affairs . . . brings an absolutely riveting conviction to her role . 
train_pos758 if you are an actor who can relate to the search for inner peace by dramatically depicting the lives of others onstage , then esther's story is a compelling quest for truth . 
train_pos759 although the level of the comedy declines as the movie proceeds , there's no denying the fun of watching de niro and crystal having fun . 
train_pos760 claude chabrol has here a thriller without thrills , but that's okay . 
train_pos761 unflinchingly bleak and desperate
train_pos762 moretti's compelling anatomy of grief and the difficult process of adapting to loss . 
train_pos763 challenging , intermittently engrossing and unflaggingly creative . but it's too long and too convoluted and it ends in a muddle . 
train_pos764 a painfully funny ode to bad behavior . 
train_pos765 'easily my choice for one of the year's best films . '
train_pos766 that dogged good will of the parents and 'vain' jia's defoliation of ego , make the film touching despite some doldrums . 
train_pos767 the movie is for fans who can't stop loving anime , and the fanatical excess built into it . 
train_pos768 a densely constructed , highly referential film , and an audacious return to form that can comfortably sit among jean-luc godard's finest work . 
train_pos769 a strangely compelling and brilliantly acted psychological drama . 
train_pos770 open-minded kids -- kids who read , kids who dream -- will be comforted by the way it deals with big issues like death and destiny . 
train_pos771 bennett's naturalistic performance speaks volumes more truth than any 'reality' show , and anybody contemplating their own drastic life changes should watch some body first . 
train_pos772  . . . a good , if not entirely fresh , look at war . 
train_pos773  the film is powerful , accessible and funny . you won't miss its messages , but you'll be entertained as well . 
train_pos774 'frailty " starts out like a typical bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme . 
train_pos775 it's hard to imagine alan arkin being better than he is in this performance . 
train_pos776 for those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their * * * off for an hour-and-a-half . 
train_pos777 despite the 2-d animation , the wild thornberrys movie makes for a surprisingly cinematic experience . 
train_pos778  . . . a fun little timewaster , helped especially by the cool presence of jean reno . 
train_pos779 [majidi] makes us think twice about immigrants we see around us every day . 
train_pos780 though only 60 minutes long , the film is packed with information and impressions . 
train_pos781 i have no way of knowing exactly how much is exaggeration , but i've got a creepy feeling that the film is closer to the mark than i want to believe . 
train_pos782 further proof that the epicenter of cool , beautiful , thought-provoking foreign cinema is smack-dab in the middle of dubya's axis of evil . 
train_pos783 there's really only one good idea in this movie , but the director runs with it and presents it with an unforgettable visual panache . 
train_pos784 a simple , but gritty and well-acted ensemble drama that encompasses a potent metaphor for a country still dealing with its fascist past . 
train_pos785 lovely and poignant . puts a human face on a land most westerners are unfamiliar with . 
train_pos786 i can't say that i liked homeboy ; it'd be more accurate to say that i found it intriguing , bizarre , dogma-like in spots - and quite truthful , in its way . 
train_pos787 the vitality of the actors keeps the intensity of the film high , even as the strafings blend together . 
train_pos788 we learn a lot about dying coral and see a lot of life on the reef . 
train_pos789 this is a winning ensemble comedy that shows canadians can put gentle laughs and equally gentle sentiments on the button , just as easily as their counterparts anywhere else in the world . 
train_pos790 a muckraking job , the cinematic equivalent of a legal indictment , and a fairly effective one at that . 
train_pos791 a tender , witty , captivating film about friendship , love , memory , trust and loyalty . 
train_pos792 belongs to daniel day-lewis as much as it belongs to martin scorsese ; it's a memorable performance in a big , brassy , disturbing , unusual and highly successful film . 
train_pos793 an exhilarating futuristic thriller-noir , minority report twists the best of technology around a gripping story , delivering a riveting , pulse intensifying escapist adventure of the first order
train_pos794 while locals will get a kick out of spotting cleveland sites , the rest of the world will enjoy a fast-paced comedy with quirks that might make the award-winning coen brothers envious . 
train_pos795 pumpkin takes an admirable look at the hypocrisy of political correctness , but it does so with such an uneven tone that you never know when humor ends and tragedy begins . 
train_pos796 corny , schmaltzy and predictable , but still manages to be kind of heartwarming , nonetheless . it's the perfect kind of film to see when you don't want to use your brain . at all . 
train_pos797 every dance becomes about seduction , where backstabbing and betrayals are celebrated , and sex is currency . 
train_pos798 harris commands the screen , using his frailty to suggest the ravages of a life of corruption and ruthlessness . 
train_pos799 stephen rea , aidan quinn , and alan bates play desmond's legal eagles , and when joined by brosnan , the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty irish settings is a pleasant enough thing , 'tis . 
train_pos800 director of photography benoit delhomme shot the movie in delicious colors , and the costumes and sets are grand . 
train_pos801 this illuminating documentary transcends our preconceived vision of the holy land and its inhabitants , revealing the human complexities beneath . 
train_pos802 an entertaining , colorful , action-filled crime story with an intimate heart . 
train_pos803 while undisputed isn't exactly a high , it is a gripping , tidy little movie that takes mr . hill higher than he's been in a while . 
train_pos804 the most compelling wiseman epic of recent years . 
train_pos805 liotta put on 30 pounds for the role , and has completely transformed himself from his smooth , goodfellas image . 
train_pos806  . . . brian de palma is utterly mad : cinema mad , set-piece mad , style mad . it's a beautiful madness . 
train_pos807 there are some wonderfully fresh moments that smooth the moral stiffness with human kindness and hopefulness . 
train_pos808 a grimly competent and stolid and earnest military courtroom drama . 
train_pos809 escaping the studio , piccoli is warmly affecting and so is this adroitly minimalist movie . 
train_pos810 very psychoanalytical -- provocatively so -- and also refreshingly literary . 
train_pos811 the special effects and many scenes of weightlessness look as good or better than in the original , while the oscar-winning sound and james horner's rousing score make good use of the hefty audio system . 
train_pos812 with rabbit-proof fence , noyce has tailored an epic tale into a lean , economical movie . 
train_pos813 thanks to haynes' absolute control of the film's mood , and buoyed by three terrific performances , far from heaven actually pulls off this stylistic juggling act . 
train_pos814 birthday girl is an amusing joy ride , with some surprisingly violent moments . 
train_pos815 more romantic , more emotional and ultimately more satisfying than the teary-eyed original . 
train_pos816 an appealingly juvenile trifle that delivers its share of laughs and smiles . 
train_pos817 writer-director's mehta's effort has tons of charm and the whimsy is in the mixture , the intoxicating masala , of cultures and film genres . 
train_pos818 the draw [for " big bad love " ] is a solid performance by arliss howard . 
train_pos819 it gets onto the screen just about as much of the novella as one could reasonably expect , and is engrossing and moving in its own right . 
train_pos820 the terrific and bewilderingly underrated campbell scott gives a star performance that is nothing short of mesmerizing . 
train_pos821 like mike isn't interested in recycling old cliches . it wants to tweak them with a taste of tangy new humor . 
train_pos822 drops you into a dizzying , volatile , pressure-cooker of a situation that quickly snowballs out of control , while focusing on the what much more than the why . 
train_pos823 a beguiling , slow-moving parable about the collision of past and present on a remote seacoast in iran . 
train_pos824 my big fat greek wedding uses stereotypes in a delightful blend of sweet romance and lovingly dished out humor . 
train_pos825 kept aloft largely by a comically adept ensemble . 
train_pos826 first-time writer-director serry shows a remarkable gift for storytelling with this moving , effective little film . 
train_pos827 atom egoyan has conjured up a multilayered work that tackles any number of fascinating issues
train_pos828 essentially an exceptionally well-written , well-edited , well-directed , well-acted , bald rip-off of aliens . 
train_pos829 while its careful pace and seemingly opaque story may not satisfy every moviegoer's appetite , the film's final scene is soaringly , transparently moving . 
train_pos830 hardly a masterpiece , but it introduces viewers to a good charitable enterprise and some interesting real people . 
train_pos831 based on a devilishly witty script by heather mcgowan and niels mueller , the film gets great laughs , but never at the expense of its characters
train_pos832 it's somewhat clumsy and too lethargically paced -- but its story about a mysterious creature with psychic abilities offers a solid build-up , a terrific climax , and some nice chills along the way . 
train_pos833 exciting and direct , with ghost imagery that shows just enough to keep us on our toes . 
train_pos834 whether writer-director anne fontaine's film is a ghost story , an account of a nervous breakdown , a trip down memory lane , all three or none of the above , it is as seductive as it is haunting . 
train_pos835 if you enjoy more thoughtful comedies with interesting conflicted characters ; this one is for you . 
train_pos836 the quality of the art combined with the humor and intelligence of the script allow the filmmakers to present the biblical message of forgiveness without it ever becoming preachy or syrupy . 
train_pos837 this film seems thirsty for reflection , itself taking on adolescent qualities . 
train_pos838 a breezy romantic comedy that has the punch of a good sitcom , while offering exceptionally well-detailed characters . 
train_pos839 a romantic comedy enriched by a sharp eye for manners and mores . 
train_pos840 viewers of " the ring " are more likely to remember the haunting images than the plot holes . 
train_pos841 a delightful coming-of-age story . 
train_pos842 one of those energetic surprises , an original that pleases almost everyone who sees it . 
train_pos843 an exquisitely crafted and acted tale . 
train_pos844 a taut psychological thriller that doesn't waste a moment of its two-hour running time . 
train_pos845 likely to expertly drum up repressed teenage memories in any viewer . 
train_pos846  . . . a magnificent drama well worth tracking down . 
train_pos847 a good piece of work more often than not . 
train_pos848 the movie understands like few others how the depth and breadth of emotional intimacy give the physical act all of its meaning and most of its pleasure . 
train_pos849 filmmakers who can deftly change moods are treasures and even marvels . so , too , is this comedy about mild culture clashing in today's new delhi . 
train_pos850 featuring a dangerously seductive performance from the great daniel auteuil , " sade " covers the same period as kaufmann's " quills " with more unsettlingly realistic results . 
train_pos851 a moody , multi-dimensional love story and sci-fi mystery , solaris is a thought-provoking , haunting film that allows the seeds of the imagination to germinate . 
train_pos852 a giggle-inducing comedy with snappy dialogue and winning performances by an unlikely team of oscar-winners : susan sarandon and goldie hawn . 
train_pos853 its maker , steven spielberg , hasn't had so much fun in two decades , since he was schlepping indiana jones around the globe in search of a giant misplaced ashtray . 
train_pos854 oscar wilde's masterpiece , the importance of being earnest , may be the best play of the 19th century . it's so good that its relentless , polished wit can withstand not only inept school productions , but even oliver parker's movie adaptation . 
train_pos855 the movie does a good job of laying out some of the major issues that we encounter as we journey through life . 
train_pos856 brilliantly explores the conflict between following one's heart and following the demands of tradition . 
train_pos857 lan yu is at times too restrained , yet there are moments it captures the erotics of intimacy in a way that makes most american love stories look downright unfree . 
train_pos858 light years/ several warp speeds/ levels and levels of dilithium crystals better than the pitiful insurrection . which isn't to say that it's the equal of some of its predecessors . 
train_pos859 the piece plays as well as it does thanks in large measure to anspaugh's three lead actresses . 
train_pos860 the inspirational screenplay by mike rich covers a lot of ground , perhaps too much , but ties things together , neatly , by the end . 
train_pos861 not the kind of film that will appeal to a mainstream american audience , but there is a certain charm about the film that makes it a suitable entry into the fest circuit . 
train_pos862 director andrew niccol . . . demonstrates a wry understanding of the quirks of fame . his healthy sense of satire is light and fun . . . . 
train_pos863 about a manga-like heroine who fights back at her abusers , it's energetic and satisfying if not deep and psychological . 
train_pos864 an artful , intelligent film that stays within the confines of a well-established genre . 
train_pos865 majidi is an unconventional storyteller , capable of finding beauty in the most depressing places . 
train_pos866 this is wild surreal stuff , but brilliant and the camera just kind of sits there and lets you look at this and its like you're going from one room to the next and none of them have any relation to the other . 
train_pos867 it's a demented kitsch mess ( although the smeary digital video does match the muddled narrative ) , but it's savvy about celebrity and has more guts and energy than much of what will open this year . 
train_pos868 there is nothing outstanding about this film , but it is good enough and will likely be appreciated most by sailors and folks who know their way around a submarine . 
train_pos869 all-in-all , the film is an enjoyable and frankly told tale of a people who live among us , but not necessarily with us . 
train_pos870 a crisp psychological drama [and] a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old " twilight zone " episode . 
train_pos871 an uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations . 
train_pos872 '[the cockettes] provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '
train_pos873 a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire . 
train_pos874 a terrific b movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory . 
train_pos875 i walked away from this new version of e . t . just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes . 
train_pos876 for devotees of french cinema , safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it's like dying and going to celluloid heaven . 
train_pos877 what's really so appealing about the characters is their resemblance to everyday children . 
train_pos878 if you're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you're at the right film . 
train_pos879 more timely than its director could ever have dreamed , this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food . 
train_pos880 the leaping story line , shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits . 
train_pos881 certainly the performances are worthwhile . 
train_pos882 winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars . 
train_pos883 steven spielberg brings us another masterpiece
train_pos884 finally , the french-produced " read my lips " is a movie that understands characters must come first . 
train_pos885 a good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera . 
train_pos886 by no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act , it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story . 
train_pos887 it celebrates the group's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his 'angels of light . '
train_pos888 the story . . . is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is . it is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band . 
train_pos889 laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances , no such thing is a fascinating little tale . 
train_pos890 huppert's show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channeling kathy baker's creepy turn as the repressed mother on boston public just as much as 8 women's augustine . 
train_pos891 nair doesn't treat the issues lightly . she allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly . 
train_pos892 one of the best silly horror movies of recent memory , with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers . 
train_pos893 the work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them . strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency . 
train_pos894 a fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction . 
train_pos895 the film aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once . the extent to which it succeeds is impressive . 
train_pos896 while not for every taste , this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy . 
train_pos897 as broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is , there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism . 
train_pos898 jeffrey tambor's performance as the intelligent jazz-playing exterminator is oscar-worthy . 
train_pos899 from the opening strains of the average white band's " pick up the pieces " , you can feel the love . 
train_pos900 stevens' vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls . 
train_pos901 tian emphasizes the isolation of these characters by confining color to liyan's backyard . 
train_pos902 too damn weird to pass up , and for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper ( and better ) than pink floyd tickets . 
train_pos903 it is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth . 
train_pos904 it's not a great monster movie . but if you've paid a matinee price and bought a big tub of popcorn , there's guilty fun to be had here . chomp chomp ! 
train_pos905 the grey zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of holocaust movies . . . but the film suffers from its own difficulties . 
train_pos906 fun and nimble . 
train_pos907 others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that 'the urge to destroy is also a creative urge' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find morrison's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating . 
train_pos908 time out is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term . 
train_pos909 it's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth . 
train_pos910 writer/director alexander payne ( election ) and his co-writer jim taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing . 
train_pos911 a movie that at its best doesn't just make the most out of its characters' flaws but insists on the virtue of imperfection . 
train_pos912 the best animated feature to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago . 
train_pos913 funny and touching . 
train_pos914 a solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket . 
train_pos915 adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of orlean's themes without being a true adaptation of her book . 
train_pos916 moonlight mile gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things . it is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter . 
train_pos917 the real triumphs in igby come from philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character's lines would suggest , and sarandon , who couldn't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron . 
train_pos918 robin williams has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favour of an altogether darker side . 
train_pos919 if you're willing to have fun with it , you won't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful . 
train_pos920 hoffman's performance is authentic to the core of his being . 
train_pos921 an enthralling aesthetic experience , one that's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty . 
train_pos922 the quirky drama touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by rachel griffiths . 
train_pos923 a captivating coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless age . 
train_pos924 a no-holds-barred cinematic treat . 
train_pos925 you'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama . 
train_pos926 allen's underestimated charm delivers more goodies than lumps of coal . 
train_pos927 measured against practically any like-themed film other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor the silence of the lambs , red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller . 
train_pos928 an exhilarating serving of movie fluff . 
train_pos929 too often , son of the bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained " big moment " will occur and not " if . " 
train_pos930 a terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown . 
train_pos931 as giddy and whimsical and relevant today as it was 270 years ago . 
train_pos932 the film offers an intriguing what-if premise . 
train_pos933 the pianist is the film roman polanski may have been born to make . 
train_pos934 poignant and delicately complex . 
train_pos935 enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers . 
train_pos936 in the pianist , polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way . 
train_pos937 despite the film's shortcomings , the stories are quietly moving . 
train_pos938 those who love cinema paradiso will find the new scenes interesting , but few will find the movie improved . 
train_pos939 if you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together , then go see this delightful comedy . 
train_pos940 this bracingly truthful antidote to hollywood teenage movies that slather clearasil over the blemishes of youth captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty . 
train_pos941 the reason to see " sade " lay with the chemistry and complex relationship between the marquis ( auteil ) and emilie ( le besco ) . 
train_pos942 serious and thoughtful . 
train_pos943 it strikes hardest… when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain . fifty years after the fact , the world's political situation seems little different , and [director phillip] noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill . 
train_pos944  . . . best seen as speculative history , as much an exploration of the paranoid impulse as a creative sequel to the warren report . 
train_pos945 despite its shortcomings , girls can't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre . 
train_pos946 the humor and humanity of monsoon wedding are in perfect balance . 
train_pos947 a compelling motion picture that illustrates an american tragedy . 
train_pos948 as comedic spotlights go , notorious c . h . o . hits all the verbal marks it should . 
train_pos949 frida isn't that much different from many a hollywood romance . what sets it apart is the vision that taymor , the avant garde director of broadway's the lion king and the film titus , brings . 
train_pos950 extremely well acted by the four primary actors , this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten . 
train_pos951 the film exudes the urbane sweetness that woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken . 
train_pos952 it's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart . 
train_pos953 cineasts will revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark's dogma movement . 
train_pos954 it's a rare window on an artistic collaboration . 
train_pos955  . . . begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot . 
train_pos956 perhaps the best sports movie i've ever seen . 
train_pos957  . . . creates a visceral sense of its characters' lives and conflicted emotions that carries it far above . . . what could have been a melodramatic , lifetime channel-style anthology . 
train_pos958 an edgy thriller that delivers a surprising punch . 
train_pos959 a reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994's surprise family hit that may strain adult credibility . 
train_pos960 [reno] delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion . 
train_pos961 a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece of work and 2002's first great film
train_pos962 a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community . 
train_pos963 arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year
train_pos964 the casting of von sydow . . . is itself intacto's luckiest stroke . 
train_pos965 stands as one of the year's most intriguing movie experiences , letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be . 
train_pos966  . . . the first 2/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor . . . 
train_pos967 this movie got me grinning . there's a part of us that cannot help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something . 
train_pos968 an old-fashioned drama of substance about a teacher's slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue . 
train_pos969 this english-language version . . . does full honor to miyazaki's teeming and often unsettling landscape , and to the conflicted complexity of his characters . 
train_pos970 despite its hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick , the basic plot of " lilo " could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script . 
train_pos971 a brutally honest documentary about a much anticipated family reunion that goes wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal to empathize with others . 
train_pos972 filled with honest performances and exceptional detail , baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity . 
train_pos973 sparkles in its deft portrait of tinseltown's seasoned veterans of gossip , wealth , paranoia , and celebrityhood . 
train_pos974 in its dry and forceful way , it delivers the same message as jiri menzel's closely watched trains and danis tanovic's no man's land . 
train_pos975 one-of-a-kind near-masterpiece . 
train_pos976  . . . a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking . 
train_pos977 [haynes'] homage to such films as " all that heaven allows " and " imitation of life " transcends them . simply put , " far from heaven " is a masterpiece . 
train_pos978 an intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time . 
train_pos979 proves mainly that south korean filmmakers can make undemanding action movies with all the alacrity of their hollywood counterparts . 
train_pos980 a very funny romantic comedy about two skittish new york middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then struggle furiously with their fears and foibles . 
train_pos981 top-notch action powers this romantic drama . 
train_pos982 beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart . it really is a shame that more won't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet 'evelyn . '
train_pos983 i stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights . 
train_pos984 probably the best case for christianity since chesterton and lewis . 
train_pos985 a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices . 
train_pos986 would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial new yorker if 26-year-old reese witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic . 
train_pos987 schütte's dramatic snapshot of the artist three days before his death offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues brecht faced as his life drew to a close . 
train_pos988 a slick , engrossing melodrama . 
train_pos989 s1m0ne's satire is not subtle , but it is effective . it's a quirky , off-beat project . . . . 
train_pos990 while some will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone , soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation . 
train_pos991 it's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage . 
train_pos992 an impeccable study in perversity . 
train_pos993 far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it's a work of enthralling drama . 
train_pos994 stuffed to the brim with ideas , american instigator michael moore's film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition . 
train_pos995 a drama of great power , yet some members of the audience will leave the theater believing they have seen a comedy . 
train_pos996 the large-frame imax camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers . 
train_pos997 a story about intelligent high school students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously . it is also beautifully acted . 
train_pos998 it isn't that the picture is unfamiliar , but that it manages to find new avenues of discourse on old problems . 
train_pos999 same song , second verse , coulda been better , but it coulda been worse . 
train_pos1000 it's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team . 
train_pos1001 the date movie that franz kafka would have made . 
train_pos1002 a solid and refined piece of moviemaking imbued with passion and attitude . 
train_pos1003 nettelbeck has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book . 
train_pos1004 on the surface a silly comedy , scotland , pa would be forgettable if it weren't such a clever adaptation of the bard's tragic play . 
train_pos1005 a weird , arresting little ride . 
train_pos1006 a fine film , but it would be a lot better if it stuck to betty fisher and left out the other stories . 
train_pos1007 well cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin . 
train_pos1008 the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul's perspective . 
train_pos1009 happily stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and doesn't pummel us with phony imagery or music . 
train_pos1010 lightweight but appealing . 
train_pos1011 it somehow managed to make its way past my crappola radar and find a small place in my heart
train_pos1012 perhaps it's cliche to call the film 'refreshing , ' but it is . 'drumline' shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated . 
train_pos1013 it does give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity . 
train_pos1014 the limited sets and small confined and dark spaces also are homages to a classic low-budget film noir movie . 
train_pos1015 [a] wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting . 
train_pos1016 it challenges , this nervy oddity , like modern art should . 
train_pos1017 whenever you think you've figured out late marriage , it throws you for a loop . 
train_pos1018 this orange has some juice , but it's far from fresh-squeezed . 
train_pos1019 a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern china . 
train_pos1020 highly engaging . 
train_pos1021 cusack's just brilliant in this . 
train_pos1022 the overall fabric is hypnotic , and mr . mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy . 
train_pos1023 evokes a palpable sense of disconnection , made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones . 
train_pos1024 malcolm mcdowell is cool . paul bettany is cool . paul bettany playing malcolm mcdowell ? cool . 
train_pos1025 an inventive , absorbing movie that's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist . 
train_pos1026 it made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters . i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love 'real' . 
train_pos1027  ( caine ) proves once again he hasn't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film . 
train_pos1028 bogdanovich puts history in perspective and , via kirsten dunst's remarkable performance , he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy . 
train_pos1029 this breezy caper movie becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are . 
train_pos1030 reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others . it also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them . 
train_pos1031 a sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity . 
train_pos1032 a graceful , moving tribute to the courage of new york's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief shared by the nation at their sacrifice . 
train_pos1033 a rip-roaring comedy action fest that'll put hairs on your chest . 
train_pos1034 if there's no art here , it's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days . 
train_pos1035 there is a subversive element to this disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability . 
train_pos1036 meeting , even exceeding expectations , it's the best sequel since the empire strikes back . . . a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth . 
train_pos1037 leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema . he allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue . this method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here . 
train_pos1038 poetry in motion captured on film . while it can be a bit repetitive , overall it's an entertaining and informative documentary . 
train_pos1039 the entire movie establishes a wonderfully creepy mood . 
train_pos1040 i found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound . 
train_pos1041 amari has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances . 
train_pos1042 rabbit-proof fence will probably make you angry . but it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that doesn't make you feel like a sucker . 
train_pos1043 both heartbreaking and heartwarming . . . just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it's tremendously moving . 
train_pos1044 the film's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it's propelled by the acting . 
train_pos1045 the pianist [is] a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life . here is a divine monument to a single man's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music . 
train_pos1046 elegant , mannered and teasing . 
train_pos1047 decasia is what has happened already to so many silent movies , newsreels and the like . the unexpected thing is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful . 
train_pos1048 a droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the lone star state . 
train_pos1049 ryan gosling . . . is at 22 a powerful young actor . 
train_pos1050 a minor work yet there's no denying the potency of miller's strange , fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure . 
train_pos1051 as an introduction to the man's theories and influence , derrida is all but useless ; as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it's invaluable . 
train_pos1052 the film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers . 
train_pos1053 imperfect ? yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy . 
train_pos1054 you'll get the enjoyable basic minimum . but not a whit more . 
train_pos1055 the movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark ms . bullock's best work in some time . 
train_pos1056 as simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine . this is a movie you can trust . 
train_pos1057  " it's all about the image . " 
train_pos1058 vividly conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all . 
train_pos1059 hollywood ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless . 
train_pos1060 a compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one . 
train_pos1061 on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , the powerpuff girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience . 
train_pos1062 i've never bought from telemarketers , but i bought this movie . 
train_pos1063 perfectly pitched between comedy and tragedy , hope and despair , about schmidt instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness . 
train_pos1064 the funny thing is , i didn't mind all this contrived nonsense a bit . 
train_pos1065 [shyamalan] turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count . 
train_pos1066 a sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in renaissance spain , and the fact that it's based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling . 
train_pos1067 a highly spirited , imaginative kid's movie that broaches neo-augustinian theology : is god stuck in heaven because he's afraid of his best-known creation ? 
train_pos1068 call it magic realism or surrealism , but miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity . 
train_pos1069 the director explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut . 
train_pos1070 well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious . 
train_pos1071 it's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look . 
train_pos1072 real women have curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros . 
train_pos1073 sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney's darling harbour , but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not
train_pos1074 the real charm of this trifle is the deadpan comic face of its star , jean reno , who resembles sly stallone in a hot sake half-sleep . 
train_pos1075 what's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller is the director's talent . watching a brian depalma movie is like watching an alfred hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers . 
train_pos1076 strip it of all its excess debris , and you'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie . as it is , it's too long and unfocused . 
train_pos1077 this familiar rise-and-fall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , though it's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times . 
train_pos1078 brian tufano's handsome widescreen photography and paul grabowsky's excellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special . 
train_pos1079 it makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing . 
train_pos1080 using a stock plot , about a boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater . 
train_pos1081 mr . clooney , mr . kaufman and all their collaborators are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster . 
train_pos1082 a gripping drama . 
train_pos1083 a real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant . 
train_pos1084 family portrait of need , neurosis and nervy negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking . 
train_pos1085 the film has a terrific look and salma hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life . 
train_pos1086 strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre . 
train_pos1087 a genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama . 
train_pos1088 the mothman prophecies is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey . 
train_pos1089 'stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall's intense freight train of a film . '
train_pos1090 mostly martha could have used a little trimming -- 10 or 15 minutes could be cut and no one would notice -- but it's a pleasurable trifle . the only pain you'll feel as the credits roll is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub . 
train_pos1091 the mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs . 
train_pos1092 what makes the movie work — to an admittedly limited extent — is the commitment of two genuinely engaging performers . weaver and lapaglia are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk . 
train_pos1093 melodrama with a message . 
train_pos1094 en sí mismo el rey león es un espectáculo digno de contemplarse en cine , dvd o en su soberbio montaje teatral ; pero el hacerlo en la pantalla imax es una experiencia colosal . 
train_pos1095 coppola's directorial debut is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema . 
train_pos1096 at the end , when the now computerized yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside . 
train_pos1097 it's hard to imagine anybody ever being " in the mood " to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone , but it's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it's started . 
train_pos1098 bogdanovich taps deep into the hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal . 
train_pos1099 beautifully produced . 
train_pos1100 smart and taut . 
train_pos1101 even if you don't understand what on earth is going on , this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why . 
train_pos1102  . . . a lesson in prehistoric hilarity . 
train_pos1103 a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys . 
train_pos1104 lawrence plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy . 
train_pos1105 though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way k-19 jettisoned some crucial drama . 
train_pos1106 it would be disingenuous to call reno a great film , but you can say that about most of the flicks moving in and out of the multiplex . this is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn . 
train_pos1107 os universos de chuck barris e charlie kaufman são complementares . e igualmente fascinantes . 
train_pos1108 this story still seems timely and important . and there's an element of heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after greene's story ends . 
train_pos1109 this time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it's still a rollicking good time for the most part . 
train_pos1110 with a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this cinderella story doesn't have a single surprise up its sleeve . but it does somehow manage to get you under its spell . 
train_pos1111 though few will argue that it ranks with the best of herzog's works , invincible shows he's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film . 
train_pos1112 the casting of raymond j . barry as the 'assassin' greatly enhances the quality of neil burger's impressive fake documentary . 
train_pos1113 methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it's so successful at lodging itself in the brain . 
train_pos1114 for most of the distance the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche . 
train_pos1115 one of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme shockers since the evil dead . 
train_pos1116 an absorbing and unsettling psychological drama . 
train_pos1117 this movie may not have the highest production values you've ever seen , but it's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep . 
train_pos1118 though it's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal , the film shatters you in waves . 
train_pos1119 yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack . . . and his chemistry with shimizu is very believable . 
train_pos1120 the film delivers what it promises : a look at the " wild ride " that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans . 
train_pos1121 just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years . 
train_pos1122 a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 . 
train_pos1123 while the film is not entirely successful , it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work . 
train_pos1124 helps to remind the first world that hiv/aids is far from being yesterday's news . 
train_pos1125 the vistas are sweeping and the acting is far from painful . 
train_pos1126 jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema . 
train_pos1127 a complex psychological drama about a father who returns to his son's home after decades away . 
train_pos1128 writer and director otar iosseliani's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in venice reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls . 
train_pos1129 this is not a retread of " dead poets' society . " 
train_pos1130 keenly observed and refreshingly natural , swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s . c . , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner . 
train_pos1131  . . . begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully . 
train_pos1132 davis . . . gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences . 
train_pos1133 funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking . 
train_pos1134 succeeds only because bullock and grant were made to share the silver screen . 
train_pos1135 both flawed and delayed , martin scorcese's gangs of new york still emerges as his most vital work since goodfellas . 
train_pos1136 as any creature-feature fan knows , when you cross toxic chemicals with a bunch of exotic creatures , you get a lot of running around , screaming and death . on that score , the film certainly doesn't disappoint . 
train_pos1137 thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances , the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods . 
train_pos1138 a macabre and very stylized swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters . 
train_pos1139 a stylistic romp that's always fun to watch . 
train_pos1140 informative , intriguing , observant , often touching . . . gives a human face to what's often discussed in purely abstract terms . 
train_pos1141 an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view . 
train_pos1142  a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we're all in this together . 
train_pos1143 gaunt , silver-haired and leonine , [harris] brings a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and cunning to the aging sandeman . 
train_pos1144 it's been made with an innocent yet fervid conviction that our hollywood has all but lost . 
train_pos1145 a three-hour cinema master class . 
train_pos1146 eyre is on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee . 
train_pos1147 warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message . i loved this film . 
train_pos1148 a movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of cho's fans . 
train_pos1149 much of this slick and sprightly cgi feature is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings . 
train_pos1150 jacquot's strategy allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances . . . while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself . 
train_pos1151 one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin . 
train_pos1152 an interesting look behind the scenes of chicago-based rock group wilco . . . 
train_pos1153 there's lots of cool stuff packed into espn's ultimate x . 
train_pos1154 rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out , but wanes in the middle
train_pos1155 the ya-ya's have many secrets and one is - the books are better . translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya . 
train_pos1156 the touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible . 
train_pos1157 steers has an unexpectedly adamant streak of warm-blooded empathy for all his disparate manhattan denizens--especially the a * * holes . 
train_pos1158 that storytelling has value cannot be denied . not even solondz's thirst for controversy , sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it . 
train_pos1159 a knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth ignite son of the bride . 
train_pos1160 a rich tale of our times , very well told with an appropriate minimum of means . 
train_pos1161 the characters are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life . 
train_pos1162 efficient , suitably anonymous chiller . 
train_pos1163 gorgeous scenes , masterful performances , but the sickly sweet gender normative narrative left an acrid test in this gourmet's mouth . 
train_pos1164 it's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but olympia , wash . , based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it's what makes their project so interesting . 
train_pos1165 executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond . 
train_pos1166 the gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang should please fans of chris fuhrman's posthumously published cult novel . 
train_pos1167 i hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness . 
train_pos1168 a quiet , disquieting triumph . 
train_pos1169 darkly funny and frequently insightful . 
train_pos1170 if you want to see a train wreck that you can't look away from , then look no further , because here it is . 
train_pos1171 there's so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles . 
train_pos1172 the search for redemption makes for a touching love story , mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters' suffering . 
train_pos1173 a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play . 
train_pos1174 a film of ideas and wry comic mayhem . 
train_pos1175 at its worst the screenplay is callow , but at its best it is a young artist's thoughtful consideration of fatherhood . 
train_pos1176 a worthwhile documentary , whether you're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits roll . 
train_pos1177 that the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog is not an out of place metaphor . 
train_pos1178 [there's] quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin . 
train_pos1179 you won't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these veggies . 
train_pos1180 enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- if you've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse . 
train_pos1181 perhaps not since nelson eddy crooned his indian love call to jeanette macdonald has there been a movie so unabashedly canadian , not afraid to risk american scorn or disinterest . 
train_pos1182 it's still a comic book , but maguire makes it a comic book with soul . 
train_pos1183 brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade . 
train_pos1184 a fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame finally lies with kissinger . should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike . 
train_pos1185 the film gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection . 
train_pos1186 it's an often-cute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing . 
train_pos1187 it's quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer . 
train_pos1188 will warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it . 
train_pos1189 a sly female empowerment movie , although not in a way anyone would expect . 
train_pos1190 it's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama . 
train_pos1191 runs on the pure adrenalin of pacino's performance . 
train_pos1192 the paradiso's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film's final ( restored ) third…emotionally belittle a cinema classic . sometimes shorter is better . 
train_pos1193 phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene's prose , and it's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american . 
train_pos1194 the film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life . 
train_pos1195 as a vehicle to savour binoche's skill , the film is well worthwhile . 
train_pos1196  . . . wise and elegiac . . . 
train_pos1197 the huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent . 
train_pos1198 whatever complaints i might have , i'd take [its] earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor's club any time . 
train_pos1199 mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls , group articulates a flood of emotion . 
train_pos1200 a pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie . 
train_pos1201 even during the climactic hourlong cricket match , boredom never takes hold . 
train_pos1202 combine the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why didn't hollywood think of this sooner ? 
train_pos1203 nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin . 
train_pos1204 the most brilliant and brutal uk crime film since jack carter went back to newcastle , the first half of gangster no . 1 drips with style and , at times , blood . 
train_pos1205 the most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any " jackass " fan could want . 
train_pos1206 young everlyn sampi , as the courageous molly craig , simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film . 
train_pos1207 surprisingly powerful and universal . 
train_pos1208 apart from its own considerable achievement , metropolis confirms tezuka's status as both the primary visual influence on the animé tradition and its defining philosophical conscience . 
train_pos1209 i'll put it this way : if you're in the mood for a melodrama narrated by talking fish , this is the movie for you . 
train_pos1210 morvern callar confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema . 
train_pos1211 well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process . 
train_pos1212 a plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of 'home , ' delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households . 
train_pos1213 it's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive . 
train_pos1214 this film puts wang at the forefront of china's sixth generation of film makers . 
train_pos1215 wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse . 
train_pos1216 there's none of the happily-ever -after spangle of monsoon wedding in late marriage -- and that's part of what makes dover kosashvili's outstanding feature debut so potent . 
train_pos1217 an ingenious and often harrowing look at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation . 
train_pos1218 it's no lie -- big fat liar is a real charmer . 
train_pos1219 director alfonso cuaron gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films . 
train_pos1220 an unexpectedly sweet story of sisterhood . 
train_pos1221 nair's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances . 
train_pos1222 berry's saucy , full-bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick , making " die another day " one of the most entertaining bonds in years
train_pos1223 red dragon is less baroque and showy than hannibal , and less emotionally affecting than silence . but , like silence , it's a movie that gets under your skin . 
train_pos1224 a creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man . . . about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy . 
train_pos1225 the cast is top-notch and i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael . 
train_pos1226 béart and berling are both superb , while huppert . . . is magnificent . 
train_pos1227 miyazaki has created such a vibrant , colorful world , it's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images . 
train_pos1228 whether or not you buy mr . broomfield's findings , the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr . broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover . 
train_pos1229 ozpetek joins the ranks of those gay filmmakers who have used the emigre experience to explore same-sex culture in ways that elude the more nationally settled . 
train_pos1230 i've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and i recommend it for its originality alone . 
train_pos1231 nicole kidman makes it a party worth attending . 
train_pos1232 catch it . . . if you can ! 
train_pos1233 the writing is clever and the cast is appealing . 
train_pos1234 the simplicity of the way home has few equals this side of aesop
train_pos1235 life on the rez is no picnic : this picture shows you why . 
train_pos1236 spielberg has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry . 
train_pos1237 it's the type of film about growing up that we don't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated in the least . 
train_pos1238 the results , if not memorable , are at least interesting . 
train_pos1239 a quietly moving look back at what it was to be iranian-american in 1979 . 
train_pos1240 i'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled , but , for those with at least a minimal appreciation of woolf and clarissa dalloway , the hours represents two of those well spent . 
train_pos1241 while there are times when the film's reach exceeds its grasp , the production works more often than it doesn't . 
train_pos1242 transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games . 
train_pos1243 there is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us . 
train_pos1244 giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies is part of the fun . but the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes . 
train_pos1245 arteta paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation . 
train_pos1246 while insomnia is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake , nolan's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends ( it ) stimulating depth . 
train_pos1247 amazing ! a college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing ! 
train_pos1248 if you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it's informative and breathtakingly spectacular . 
train_pos1249 a smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy . 
train_pos1250 there are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ; we're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why . 
train_pos1251 a culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny , captures some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe . 
train_pos1252 shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral . extraordinary debut from josh koury . 
train_pos1253 the most compelling performance of the year adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism . 
train_pos1254 for those who are intrigued by politics of the '70s , the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed . 
train_pos1255 it's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell . 
train_pos1256 the quirky and recessive charms of co-stars martin donovan and mary-louise parker help overcome the problematic script . 
train_pos1257 it's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom . 
train_pos1258 able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history . 
train_pos1259 an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen . 
train_pos1260 a jewish ww ii doc that isn't trying simply to out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress its potential audience ! who knew . . . 
train_pos1261 gently humorous and touching . 
train_pos1262 the film is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol . 
train_pos1263  . . . hits every cliche we've come to expect , including the assumption that " crazy " people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny . 
train_pos1264 the strong subject matter continues to shock throughout the film . not everyone will play the dark , challenging tune taught by the piano teacher . 
train_pos1265 a certain sexiness underlines even the dullest tangents . 
train_pos1266 you may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear . 
train_pos1267 there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch . 
train_pos1268 a mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in . 
train_pos1269 after watching it , you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history . 
train_pos1270 in his u . s . debut , mr . schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist . 
train_pos1271 ultimate x is a ride , basically the kind of greatest-hits reel that might come with a subscription to espn the magazine . 
train_pos1272 rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword , jiang wen's devils on the doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut . 
train_pos1273 offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film . 
train_pos1274 a winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others . 
train_pos1275 its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there's no time to think about them anyway . 
train_pos1276 although it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick , " orange county " is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be . 
train_pos1277 for a movie audience , the hours doesn't connect in a neat way , but introduces characters who illuminate mysteries of sex , duty and love . 
train_pos1278 ozpetek's effort has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie . 
train_pos1279 graças às interações entre seus personagens , o filme torna-se não apenas uma história divertida sobre uma curiosa perseguição , mas também um belo estudo de personagens . 
train_pos1280 affirms the gifts of all involved , starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together . 
train_pos1281 a delightful little film that revels in its own simplicity , mostly martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach . 
train_pos1282 deepa mehta provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood in the western world . 
train_pos1283 if anything , the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans . 
train_pos1284 a work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry . 
train_pos1285 it's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once . 
train_pos1286 the stripped-down dramatic constructs , austere imagery and abstract characters are equal parts poetry and politics , obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt . 
train_pos1287  ( danny huston gives ) an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent's smirk . 
train_pos1288 it reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death . 
train_pos1289 a different movie -- sometimes tedious -- by a director many viewers would like to skip but film buffs should get to know . 
train_pos1290 twist open the ouzo ! it's time to let your hair down – greek style . a vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it , my big fat greek wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe . 
train_pos1291 thought-provoking and stylish , if also somewhat hermetic . 
train_pos1292 broomfield is energized by volletta wallace's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles . 
train_pos1293 funny in a sick , twisted sort of way . 
train_pos1294 if cinema had been around to capture the chaos of france in the 1790's , one imagines the result would look like something like this . 
train_pos1295 it's a talking head documentary , but a great one . 
train_pos1296 most consumers of lo mein and general tso's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it , so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons . 
train_pos1297 hatosy . . . portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue . 
train_pos1298 even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment , spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man . 
train_pos1299 alan and his fellow survivors are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise . 
train_pos1300 the premise of jason x is silly but strangely believable . 
train_pos1301 it's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout . 
train_pos1302 an awfully good , achingly human picture . 
train_pos1303 you'll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness , but the point is , you'll laugh . 
train_pos1304 definitely worth 95 minutes of your time . 
train_pos1305 the film jolts the laughs from the audience--as if by cattle prod . 
train_pos1306 a sexy , surprising romance . . . idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair . . . their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger . 
train_pos1307 toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything is delivered with such conviction that it's hard not to be carried away . 
train_pos1308 whereas oliver stone's conspiracy thriller jfk was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy , interview with the assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity . 
train_pos1309 funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic . 
train_pos1310 triple x is a double agent , and he's one bad dude . when you've got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation , it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed . 
train_pos1311 you emerge dazed , confused as to whether you've seen pornography or documentary . 
train_pos1312 likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes . 
train_pos1313 chilling in its objective portrait of dreary , lost twenty-first century america . 
train_pos1314 highly recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it . 
train_pos1315 it manages to squeeze by on angelina jolie's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy . 
train_pos1316 judith and zaza's extended bedroom sequence . . . is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics . 
train_pos1317 a knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor . 
train_pos1318 the overall effect is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude . 
train_pos1319 it's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor . 
train_pos1320 confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor does it offer much in the way of barris' motivations , but the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture . 
train_pos1321 a special kind of movie , this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of memento . . . 
train_pos1322 simple , poignant and leavened with humor , it's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship . 
train_pos1323 together , miller , kuras and the actresses make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey . 
train_pos1324 the wonder of mostly martha is the performance of gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing . 
train_pos1325 with notorious c . h . o . cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy . 
train_pos1326 watching war photographer , you come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals . 
train_pos1327 [a] real pleasure in its laid-back way . 
train_pos1328 though it runs 163 minutes , safe conduct is anything but languorous . it's packed to bursting with incident , and with scores of characters , some fictional , some from history . 
train_pos1329 notwithstanding my problem with the movie's final half hour , i'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal , and also the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl-
train_pos1330 a well-crafted film that is all the more remarkable because it achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity . 
train_pos1331 my big fat greek wedding is that rare animal known as 'a perfect family film , ' because it's about family . 
train_pos1332  . . . with the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself . 
train_pos1333 with a confrontational stance , todd solondz takes aim on political correctness and suburban families . 
train_pos1334 for a debut film , skin of man , heart of beast feels unusually assured . 
train_pos1335 a photographic marvel of sorts , and it's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community . 
train_pos1336 it's soulful and unslick , and that's apparently just what [aniston] has always needed to grow into a movie career . 
train_pos1337 although olivier assayas' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation . . . its three-hour running time plays closer to two . 
train_pos1338 a jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliché of japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage . 
train_pos1339 parts seem like they were lifted from terry gilliam's subconscious , pressed through kafka's meat grinder and into buñuel's casings
train_pos1340 a delightful entree in the tradition of food movies . 
train_pos1341 an escapist confection that's pure entertainment . 
train_pos1342 the ring is worth a look , if you don't demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your halloween entertainment . 
train_pos1343 a decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big hit franklin needs to stay afloat in hollywood . 
train_pos1344 begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish . 
train_pos1345 one of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time . 
train_pos1346 after an uncertain start , murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock's memorable first interrogation of gosling . 
train_pos1347 the story ultimately takes hold and grips hard . 
train_pos1348 an emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema . 
train_pos1349 going to this movie is a little like chewing whale blubber - it's an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy , but it's worth it , even if it does take 3 hours to get through . 
train_pos1350 almodovar is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called 'the gift of tears . '
train_pos1351 better than the tepid star trek : insurrection ; falls short of first contact because the villain couldn't pick the lint off borg queen alice krige's cape ; and finishes half a parsec ( a nose ) ahead of generations . 
train_pos1352 at times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated ( depending upon where you live ) , ignorant fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two . 
train_pos1353 tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun . 
train_pos1354 majidi's direction has never been smoother or more confident . 
train_pos1355 what a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie this is . 
train_pos1356 hard , endearing , caring , warm . bring tissues . 
train_pos1357 inherently caustic and oddly whimsical , the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss . 
train_pos1358 it's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can . 
train_pos1359 ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here's betting her third feature will be something to behold . 
train_pos1360 i was impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon . 
train_pos1361 a classy , sprightly spin on film . 
train_pos1362 fast , frantic and fun , but also soon forgotten
train_pos1363 devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable . 
train_pos1364 a moving , if uneven , success . 
train_pos1365  with one exception , every blighter in this particular south london housing project digs into dysfunction like it's a big , comforting jar of marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness . 
train_pos1366 a chronicle not only of one man's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign's end , an extended publicity department . 
train_pos1367 [woo's] most resonant film since the killer . 
train_pos1368 collateral damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it weren't . 
train_pos1369 maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is . 
train_pos1370 a lot of the credit for the film's winning tone must go to grant , who hasn't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him . 
train_pos1371 exploits [headbanger] stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter . 
train_pos1372 from its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale , martin is a masterfully conducted work . 
train_pos1373 a comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life . 
train_pos1374 if you're part of her targeted audience , you'll cheer . otherwise , maybe . 
train_pos1375 contrived as this may sound , mr . rose's updating works surprisingly well . 
train_pos1376 a glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up caught but the audience gets pure escapism . 
train_pos1377 you don't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch , and that's the mark of a documentary that works . 
train_pos1378 between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism . 
train_pos1379 while the story's undeniably hard to follow , iwai's gorgeous visuals seduce . 
train_pos1380 if you can get past the taboo subject matter , it will be well worth your time . 
train_pos1381 scooby doo is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation . 
train_pos1382 [a] devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama . 
train_pos1383 a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire . 
train_pos1384 worth a look as a curiosity . 
train_pos1385 director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting 'chops' and they take full advantage . 
train_pos1386 auto focus is not your standard hollywood bio-pic . schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one man's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness . 
train_pos1387 for veggietales fans , this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus . if you're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts . 
train_pos1388 the whole mildly pleasant outing -- the r rating is for brief nudity and a grisly corpse -- remains aloft not on its own self-referential hot air , but on the inspired performance of tim allen . 
train_pos1389 the emperor's club , ruthless in its own placid way , finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality . 
train_pos1390 it's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible . 
train_pos1391 though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia's true emotions . . . but at the very least , his secret life will leave you thinking . 
train_pos1392 there is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out . 
train_pos1393 the otherwise good-naturedness of mr . deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less- than-likely new york celebrities . . . certainly raises the film above anything sandler's been attached to before . 
train_pos1394 the movie is brilliant , really . it is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events . 
train_pos1395 offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of beijing . 
train_pos1396 see it now , before the inevitable hollywood remake flattens out all its odd , intriguing wrinkles . 
train_pos1397 features what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer's block ever . 
train_pos1398 in the long , dishonorable history of quickie teen-pop exploitation , like mike stands out for its only partly synthetic decency . 
train_pos1399 bravo for history rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love . 
train_pos1400 lead actress gaï , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile , is a towering siren . 
train_pos1401  . . . a light , yet engrossing piece . lux , now in her eighties , does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject – taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history . 
train_pos1402 a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain . 
train_pos1403 rubbo's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy . 
train_pos1404 cantet beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in . 
train_pos1405 a brilliant gag at the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it . 
train_pos1406 touché ! 
train_pos1407 astonishingly skillful and moving . . . it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one . 
train_pos1408 beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling . . . recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly . 
train_pos1409 although it doesn't always hang together -- violence and whimsy don't combine easily -- " cherish " certainly isn't dull . 
train_pos1410 the sight of the spaceship on the launching pad is duly impressive in imax dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins . 
train_pos1411 time is a beautiful film to watch , an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness . 
train_pos1412 a diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of palestinian and israeli children . 
train_pos1413 call this the full monty on ice , the underdog sports team formula redux . 
train_pos1414 unfolds in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow . 
train_pos1415 a beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions . 
train_pos1416 the heat of the moment prevails . it cooks conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle . 
train_pos1417 denis forges out of the theories of class- based rage and sisterly obsession a razor-sided tuning fork that rings with cultural , sexual and social discord . 
train_pos1418 by turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy , never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre . 
train_pos1419 worse than 'silence of the lambs' better than 'hannibal'
train_pos1420 [the digital effects] reminded me of terry gilliam's rudimentary old monty python cartoons , in which he would cut out figures from drawings and photographs and paste them together . 
train_pos1421 canada's arctic light shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people . 
train_pos1422 though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting . 
train_pos1423 yes , it's as good as you remember . in fact , even better . 
train_pos1424 hartley adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining . 
train_pos1425 an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , the grey zone does have a center , though a morbid one . 
train_pos1426 a stirring road movie . 
train_pos1427 insanely hilarious ! i haven't laughed that hard in years ! 
train_pos1428 anyone who's ever suffered under a martinet music instructor has no doubt fantasized about what an unhappy , repressed and twisted personal life their tormentor deserved . these people are really going to love the piano teacher . 
train_pos1429 if " lilo & stitch " isn't the most edgy piece of disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since " dumbo " certainly ranks as the most original in years . 
train_pos1430 this may be dover kosashvili's feature directing debut , but it looks an awful lot like life -- gritty , awkward and ironic . 
train_pos1431 this ready-made midnight movie probably won't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun . 
train_pos1432 see scratch for the history , see scratch for the music , see scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion . 
train_pos1433  . . . " bowling for columbine " remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film . . . 
train_pos1434 but even with the two-wrongs-make-a-right chemistry between jolie and burns . . . this otherwise appealing picture loses its soul to screenwriting for dummies conformity . 
train_pos1435 talk to her is so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it's hard to stop watching . 
train_pos1436 a truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation . 
train_pos1437 an average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains . 
train_pos1438 while guzmán frustratingly refuses to give pinochet's crimes a political context , his distance from the material is mostly admirable . 
train_pos1439  . . . a story , an old and scary one , about the monsters we make , and the vengeance they take . 
train_pos1440 a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters . 
train_pos1441 white oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , but that doesn't mean you won't like looking at it . 
train_pos1442 in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song . 
train_pos1443 the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone's flawed but staggering once upon a time in america . 
train_pos1444 it looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships . 
train_pos1445 a fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending . certainly the big finish wasn't something galinsky and hawley could have planned for . . . but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps . 
train_pos1446 there are moments of hilarity to be had . 
train_pos1447 a hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life . 
train_pos1448 [while the last metro] was more melodramatic , confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history . 
train_pos1449 one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning . 
train_pos1450 michael moore's latest documentary about america's thirst for violence is his best film yet . . . 
train_pos1451 suffice to say that after seeing this movie in imax form , you'll be more acquainted with the tiniest details of tom hanks' face than his wife is . 
train_pos1452 a brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel . 
train_pos1453 a movie i loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance . 
train_pos1454 'divertida , enternecedora , universal y profundamente sincera , es una de las mejores comedias románticas en mucho tiempo . una verdadera delicia . '
train_pos1455 deserves a place of honor next to nanook as a landmark in film history . 
train_pos1456 murderous maids pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy . . . 
train_pos1457 this is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground . 
train_pos1458 the sweetest thing , a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies , may be a mess in a lot of ways . but it does have one saving grace . a lot of its gags and observations reflect a woman's point-of-view . 
train_pos1459 fans of critics' darling band wilco will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i am trying to break your heart . 
train_pos1460 the film presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet . 
train_pos1461 fulford-wierzbicki . . . deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen . 
train_pos1462 a wild ride juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films . 
train_pos1463 the movie is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it . 
train_pos1464 a typically observant , carefully nuanced and intimate french coming-of-age film that is an encouraging debut feature but has a needlessly downbeat ending that is too heavy for all that has preceded it . 
train_pos1465 less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself . 
train_pos1466 a moving and weighty depiction of one family's attempts to heal after the death of a child . 
train_pos1467 a zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded elvis fans ( but by no means all ) will have fun with . 
train_pos1468 diggs and lathan are among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film . 
train_pos1469 the riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make love a joy to behold . 
train_pos1470 terrific as nadia , a russian mail-order bride who comes to america speaking not a word of english , it's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers . 
train_pos1471 the re-release of ron howard's apollo 13 in the imax format proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages . 
train_pos1472 very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience . 
train_pos1473 it's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period . 
train_pos1474 a surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of hollywood's comic-book adaptations . 
train_pos1475 this is a superior horror flick . 
train_pos1476 adaptation is simply brilliant . 
train_pos1477 smart and alert , thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem . 
train_pos1478 a haunting tale of murder and mayhem . 
train_pos1479 i love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 . cinematic poetry showcases the city's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything . 
train_pos1480 it's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb . 
train_pos1481 offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in . ah , what the hell . 
train_pos1482 directors brett morgen and nanette burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia . 
train_pos1483 the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow . 
train_pos1484 while obviously aimed at kids , the country bears . . . should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio . 
train_pos1485 labute masterfully balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other . something for everyone . 
train_pos1486 irwin is so earnest that it's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs . there are far worse messages to teach a young audience , which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy . 
train_pos1487 not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense . 
train_pos1488 'film aficionados cannot help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director's cut . '
train_pos1489 a fascinating glimpse into an insular world that gives the lie to many clichés and showcases a group of dedicated artists . 
train_pos1490 it's one thing to read about or rail against the ongoing - and unprecedented - construction project going on over our heads . it's quite another to feel physically caught up in the process . 
train_pos1491 could i have been more geeked when i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format ? in a word : no . 
train_pos1492 murderous maids has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud . . . and parmentier . 
train_pos1493 it's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior -- yet i found it weirdly appealing . 
train_pos1494 kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor . 
train_pos1495 leaping from one arresting image to another , songs from the second floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time . 
train_pos1496 sean penn , you owe nicolas cage an apology . 
train_pos1497 the performances are uniformly good . 
train_pos1498 she's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness . 
train_pos1499 for all its plot twists , and some of them verge on the bizarre as the film winds down , blood work is a strong , character-oriented piece . 
train_pos1500 the story line may be 127 years old , but el crimen del padre amaro . . . couldn't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment . 
train_pos1501 this in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come . 
train_pos1502 it shows us a slice of life that's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable . 
train_pos1503 reign of fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies . 
train_pos1504 see it . debate it . remember it . 
train_pos1505 try as you might to resist , if you've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson , this movie will worm its way there . 
train_pos1506 director douglas mcgrath takes on nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading . 
train_pos1507 stands as a document of what it felt like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11 . 
train_pos1508 with not a lot of help from the screenplay ( proficient , but singularly cursory ) , [testud] acts with the feral intensity of the young bette davis . 
train_pos1509 slow and ponderous , but rohmer's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the face of political corruption . 
train_pos1510 austin powers for the most part is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later . 
train_pos1511 cho continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio . 
train_pos1512 elvira fans could hardly ask for more . 
train_pos1513 a canny , derivative , wildly gruesome portrait of a london sociopath who's the scariest of sadists . 
train_pos1514 fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough . 
train_pos1515 my big fat greek wedding is not only the best date movie of the year , it's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss . 
train_pos1516 another love story in 2002's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre . 
train_pos1517 it's another retelling of alexandre dumas' classic . why ? who knows , but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds . 
train_pos1518 [f]rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative , the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels . 
train_pos1519 provides the kind of 'laugh therapy' i need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending . after seeing 'analyze that , ' i feel better already . 
train_pos1520 overall , it's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : god is love . 
train_pos1521 it may not be a great piece of filmmaking , but its power comes from its soul's-eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case . 
train_pos1522 jeong-hyang lee's film is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying . 
train_pos1523 although commentary on nachtwey is provided . . . it's the image that really tells the tale . 
train_pos1524 daily struggles and simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails . 
train_pos1525  . . . in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy , it doesn't disappoint . 
train_pos1526 clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up . 
train_pos1527 cremaster 3 is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression . 
train_pos1528 compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen , runteldat is something of a triumph . 
train_pos1529 [moore's] better at fingering problems than finding solutions . but though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more . 
train_pos1530 the powerful success of read my lips with such provocative material shows why , after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers . 
train_pos1531 in his debut as a director , washington has a sure hand . his work with actors is particularly impressive . 
train_pos1532 a generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually becomes a testament to faith . 
train_pos1533 delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for . 
train_pos1534 morvern rocks . 
train_pos1535 vincent gallo is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role . 
train_pos1536 cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer . 
train_pos1537 campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful . 
train_pos1538 either a fascinating study of the relationship between mothers and their children or a disturbing story about sociopaths and their marks . 
train_pos1539  . . . gripping and handsome execution , ( but ) there isn't much about k-19 that's unique or memorable . 
train_pos1540 effective in all its aspects , margarita happy hour represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken . 
train_pos1541 not the best herzog perhaps , but unmistakably herzog . 
train_pos1542 rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results . last dance , whatever its flaws , fulfills one facet of its mission in making me want to find out whether , in this case , that's true . 
train_pos1543 this is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force . 
train_pos1544 [cho's face is] an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots . 
train_pos1545 it's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic . 
train_pos1546 an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary china . 
train_pos1547 your response to its new sequel , analyze that , may hinge on what you thought of the first film . 
train_pos1548 davis is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as amy . 
train_pos1549 the film is full of charm . 
train_pos1550 one of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre . 
train_pos1551 the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded . 
train_pos1552 it's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair . 
train_pos1553 this sci-fi techno-sex thriller starts out bizarre and just keeps getting weirder . 
train_pos1554 last orders nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced . it's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective . 
train_pos1555 a slight but sweet film . 
train_pos1556 el peso de un líquido incoloro , el peso del líquido vital , del amor como elemento de vida , y de muerte . . . 
train_pos1557 writer/director walter hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable . 
train_pos1558 it is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film . 
train_pos1559 this new time machine is hardly perfect… yet it proves surprisingly serviceable . even at its worst , it's not half-bad . 
train_pos1560 almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like " the addams family " to everyone looking in . . . " my big fat greek wedding " comes from the heart . . . 
train_pos1561 once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave . chances are you won't , either . 
train_pos1562 can be viewed as pure composition and form -- film as music
train_pos1563 it's a treat watching shaw , a british stage icon , melting under the heat of phocion's attentions . 
train_pos1564 all in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that don't really care for the candidate they're forced to follow . 
train_pos1565 narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films . it zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special . 
train_pos1566 goes a long way on hedonistic gusto . 
train_pos1567 the result puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally couldn't care less . 
train_pos1568 if there's one big point to promises , it's that nothing can change while physical and psychological barriers keep the sides from speaking even one word to each other . 
train_pos1569 jacquot has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera's drama and lyricism . 
train_pos1570 i liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive . 
train_pos1571 even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end . . . you almost don't notice the 129-minute running time . 
train_pos1572 eric byler's nuanced pic avoids easy sentiments and explanations . . . 
train_pos1573 manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time . 
train_pos1574 when it's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama , " real women have curves " is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams . 
train_pos1575 the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either doesn't notice when his story ends or just can't tear himself away from the characters -- but it's smooth and professional . 
train_pos1576 this starts off with a 1950's doris day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast . the first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year ! 
train_pos1577 discursive but oddly riveting documentary . 
train_pos1578 on its own , big trouble could be considered a funny little film . 
train_pos1579 an undeniably gorgeous , terminally smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band . 
train_pos1580 a beautifully observed character piece . 
train_pos1581 it is quite a vision . 
train_pos1582 there are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers don't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies . 
train_pos1583 salma goes native and she's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon . 
train_pos1584 as chilling and fascinating as philippe mora's modern hitler-study , snide and prejudice . 
train_pos1585 strange and beautiful film . 
train_pos1586  . . . a guiltless film for nice evening out . 
train_pos1587 everything about the quiet american is good , except its timing . 
train_pos1588 a savage john waters-like humor that dances on the edge of tastelessness without ever quite falling over . 
train_pos1589 may seriously impair your ability to ever again maintain a straight face while speaking to a highway patrolman . 
train_pos1590 it's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) , and barry's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile . 
train_pos1591 brings awareness to an issue often overlooked -- women's depression . 
train_pos1592 it has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame . 
train_pos1593 you can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , 'this is going to be something really good . ' and it is . 
train_pos1594 foster and whitaker are especially fine . she is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain , incapable of controlling his crew . 
train_pos1595 undoubtedly the scariest movie ever made about tattoos . 
train_pos1596 not only better than its predecessor , it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season . 
train_pos1597 if this movie leaves you cool , it also leaves you intriguingly contemplative . 
train_pos1598 the climactic events are so well realized that you may forget all about the original conflict , just like the movie does
train_pos1599 a playful iranian parable about openness , particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences . 
train_pos1600 that 'alabama' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) . . . 
train_pos1601 personal velocity has a no-frills docu-dogma plainness , yet miller lingers on invisible , nearly psychic nuances , leaping into digressions of memory and desire . she boxes these women's souls right open for us . 
train_pos1602 a dashing and absorbing outing with one of france's most inventive directors . 
train_pos1603  . . . flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags . 
train_pos1604 the trials of henry kissinger is a remarkable piece of filmmaking … because you get it . 
train_pos1605 nachtwey clears the cynicism right out of you . he makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty . 
train_pos1606 genuinely unnerving . 
train_pos1607 american and european cinema has amassed a vast holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone . 
train_pos1608 a compelling film . 
train_pos1609 with its hint of an awkward hitchcockian theme in tact , harmon's daunting narrative promotes a reasonable landscape of conflict and pathos to support the scattershot terrorizing tone
train_pos1610 in auteil's less dramatic but equally incisive performance , he's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer . 
train_pos1611 fontaine's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal . 
train_pos1612  . . . a visually seductive , unrepentantly trashy take on rice's second installment of her vampire chronicles . 
train_pos1613 the story's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and mr . day-lewis roars with leonine power . 
train_pos1614 even through its flaws , revolution #9 proves to be a compelling , interestingly told film . 
train_pos1615 the best way to describe it is as a cross between paul thomas anderson's magnolia and david lynch's mulholland dr . 
train_pos1616 schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms . mirren , who did ) , has succeeded beyond all expectation . 
train_pos1617 lejos del paraíso es al mismo tiempo una fiesta para los ojos y oídos y un movilizador cuadro de personajes enfrentados a sus propios deseos , miedos y prejuicios . 
train_pos1618 there is no denying the power of polanski's film . . . 
train_pos1619 el título no engaña : la película narra una historia donde una mujer enfrentará cierta realidad , y donde el sexo es . . . 
train_pos1620 'interesante y disfrutable trabajo gracias a que prescinde del clásico elemento estadounidense patriotero y manipulador . '
train_pos1621 a triumph of pure craft and passionate heart . 
train_pos1622 gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways . 
train_pos1623 even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators , scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it's documenting . 
train_pos1624 astonishing . . . [frames] profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment . 
train_pos1625 one of the very best movies ever made about the life of moviemaking . 
train_pos1626 an elegant and sly deadpan comedy . 
train_pos1627 the way the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of gator-bashing are consistently delightful . 
train_pos1628 land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored . 
train_pos1629 'blue crush' swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award . 
train_pos1630 a chick flick for guys . 
train_pos1631 it's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity . but it's hardly a necessary enterprise . 
train_pos1632 as home movie gone haywire , it's pretty enjoyable , but as sexual manifesto , i'd rather listen to old tori amos records . 
train_pos1633 in its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film . 
train_pos1634 a sensitive , cultivated treatment of greene's work as well as a remarkably faithful one . 
train_pos1635 it's not just a feel-good movie , it's a feel movie . you feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did . 
train_pos1636 watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint , is a treat . 
train_pos1637 an example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship . 
train_pos1638 a meditation on faith and madness , frailty is blood-curdling stuff . 
train_pos1639  . . . one of the more influential works of the 'korean new wave' . 
train_pos1640 implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses , and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all . 
train_pos1641 a beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in korea . 
train_pos1642 smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off- broadway play . 
train_pos1643 about a boy vividly recalls the cary grant of room for one more , houseboat and father goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him . 
train_pos1644 none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting isn't , either , and you wouldn't turn down a big bowl of that , would you ? 
train_pos1645 the film is a fierce dance of destruction . its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude . 
train_pos1646 a riveting documentary . 
train_pos1647 you may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet . 
train_pos1648 a fantastic premise anchors this movie , but what it needs is either a more rigid , blair witch-style commitment to its mockumentary format , or a more straightforward , dramatic treatment , with all the grandiosity that that implies . 
train_pos1649 ramsay succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer's memory . 
train_pos1650  . . . a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind . 
train_pos1651 like its bizarre heroine , it irrigates our souls . 
train_pos1652 hawn and sarandon form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare . 
train_pos1653 a very capable nailbiter . 
train_pos1654 because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin . 
train_pos1655 it's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend . you don't want to call the cops . you want to call domino's . 
train_pos1656 the low-key direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love . 
train_pos1657 that rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed . 
train_pos1658 smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise . 
train_pos1659 this isn't a stand up and cheer flick ; it's a sit down and ponder affair . and thanks to kline's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable . 
train_pos1660 walter hill's undisputed is like a 1940s warner bros . b picture , and i mean that as a compliment . 
train_pos1661 this one is not nearly as dreadful as expected . in fact , it's quite fun in places . 
train_pos1662 a biopic about crane's life in the classic tradition but evolves into what has become of us all in the era of video . 
train_pos1663 thanks to a small star with big heart , this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all . 
train_pos1664 the people in jessica are so recognizable and true that , as in real life , we're never sure how things will work out . 
train_pos1665 a tone poem of transgression . 
train_pos1666 creeps you out in high style , even if nakata did it better . 
train_pos1667 this is christmas future for a lot of baby boomers . 
train_pos1668 spider-man is in the same category as x-men - occasionally brilliant but mostly average , showing signs of potential for the sequels , but not giving us much this time around . 
train_pos1669 an enjoyable experience . 
train_pos1670 anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed , joyous romp of a film . 
train_pos1671 the fun of the movie is the chance it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad . 
train_pos1672 'si bien no logra desarrollarse como un gran drama , tampoco es tan superficial como muchas cintas que pecan de pretenciosas y que resultan totalmente banales . '
train_pos1673 saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory . 
train_pos1674 it's something of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas . 
train_pos1675 mr . caine and mr . fraser are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances . 
train_pos1676 a giddy and provocative sexual romp that has something to say . 
train_pos1677 [russell] makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) , and the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards . 
train_pos1678 otto-sallies has a real filmmaker's eye . 
train_pos1679 this is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade . 
train_pos1680 beautifully reclaiming the story of carmen and recreating it an in an african idiom . 
train_pos1681 a flawed but engrossing thriller . 
train_pos1682 the success of undercover brother is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally . 
train_pos1683 this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but ayres makes the right choices at every turn . 
train_pos1684 cox creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky's diaries . 
train_pos1685 as banal as the telling may be -- and at times , all my loved ones more than flirts with kitsch -- the tale commands attention . 
train_pos1686 the most wondrous love story in years , it is a great film . 
train_pos1687 some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and heaven is one such beast . 
train_pos1688 my wife is an actress works as well as it does because [the leads] are such a companionable couple . 
train_pos1689 with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , however , robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking . 
train_pos1690  . . . a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing . 
train_pos1691 this filmed tosca -- not the first , by the way -- is a pretty good job , if it's filmed tosca that you want . i'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper . 
train_pos1692 it is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients . 
train_pos1693 'barbershop " is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story . 
train_pos1694 i like this movie a lot . i like that smith , he's not making fun of these people , he's not laughing at them . 
train_pos1695 a glorious mess . 
train_pos1696 'what's the russian word for wow ! ? '
train_pos1697 kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope . 
train_pos1698 for those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough . 
train_pos1699 what [denis] accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film is a double portrait of two young women whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned . 
train_pos1700 a well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature . 
train_pos1701 the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities . 
train_pos1702 a film in a class with spike lee's masterful do the right thing . 
train_pos1703 jagger , stoppard and director michael apted . . . deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride . 
train_pos1704 greengrass ( working from don mullan's script ) forgoes the larger socio-political picture of the situation in northern ireland in favour of an approach that throws one in the pulsating thick of a truly frightening situation . 
train_pos1705 a perfectly respectable , perfectly inoffensive , easily forgettable film . 
train_pos1706 romanek's themes are every bit as distinctive as his visuals . beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork , one hour photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures . 
train_pos1707 seeing seinfeld at home as he watches his own appearance on letterman with a clinical eye reminds you that the key to stand-up is to always make it look easy , even though the reality is anything but . 
train_pos1708 speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life . 
train_pos1709 this is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery . 
train_pos1710 funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness . 
train_pos1711 the viewer takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers . 
train_pos1712 with amazing finesse , the film shadows heidi's trip back to vietnam and the city where her mother , mai thi kim , still lives . 
train_pos1713 director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film's music than to the story line ; what's best about drumline is its energy . 
train_pos1714 a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers' hearts . 
train_pos1715 it's all a rather shapeless good time . . . 
train_pos1716 has far more energy , wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a " 2 " at the end of its title . 
train_pos1717 a little better than sorcerer's stone . 
train_pos1718 a chilling movie without oppressive gore . 
train_pos1719 a uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot . 
train_pos1720 if you like peace , you'll like promises . 
train_pos1721 be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense . the ring never lets you off the hook . 
train_pos1722 thumbs up to paxton for not falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer . 
train_pos1723 at once disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious . 
train_pos1724 sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments . 
train_pos1725 it's always fascinating to watch marker the essayist at work . 
train_pos1726 a quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness . 
train_pos1727 the tasteful little revision works wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story's morals . 
train_pos1728 one of the greatest films i've ever seen . 
train_pos1729 its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart . 
train_pos1730 a poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature . 
train_pos1731 real women have curves doesn't offer any easy answers . 
train_pos1732 vampire epic succeeds as spooky action-packed trash of the highest order . 
train_pos1733 while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out . 
train_pos1734 like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film . 
train_pos1735 brown sugar signals director rick famuyiwa's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema . 
train_pos1736 with exquisite craftsmanship . . . olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society . 
train_pos1737 it has a way of seeping into your consciousness , with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at . 
train_pos1738 maelstrom is a deliberately unsteady mixture of stylistic elements . 
train_pos1739 [d]espite its familiar subject matter , ice age is consistently amusing and engrossing . . . 
train_pos1740 the ingenious construction ( adapted by david hare from michael cunningham's novel ) constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism
train_pos1741 it was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo . 
train_pos1742 it is scott's convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph . 
train_pos1743 while this movie , by necessity , lacks fellowship's heart , two towers outdoes its spectacle . 
train_pos1744 meyjes . . . has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics . 
train_pos1745 what 'dumb and dumber' would have been without the vulgarity and with an intelligent , life-affirming script . 
train_pos1746  . . . a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll . 
train_pos1747 films are made of little moments . changing lanes tries for more . it doesn't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received . 
train_pos1748 the story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me . 
train_pos1749 terrific casting and solid execution give all three stories life . 
train_pos1750 neatly constructed thriller . 
train_pos1751 [ramsay] visually transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor . 
train_pos1752 'possession , ' based on the book by a . s . byatt , demands that labute deal with the subject of love head-on ; trading in his cynicism for reverence and a little wit
train_pos1753 10 minutes into the film you'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away . 
train_pos1754 as tricky and satisfying as any of david mamet's airless cinematic shell games . 
train_pos1755 cube's charisma and chemistry compensate for corniness and cliche . 
train_pos1756 as a director , paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip . 
train_pos1757 the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill . 
train_pos1758 a distinguished and thoughtful film , marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances . 
train_pos1759 barry convinces us he's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful . 
train_pos1760 borrows a bit from the classics " wait until dark " and " extremities " . . . but in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself . 
train_pos1761 intimate and panoramic . 
train_pos1762 though filmed partly in canada , paid in full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years . 
train_pos1763 exciting documentary . 
train_pos1764 the movie is a trove of delights . 
train_pos1765 in a summer of clones , harvard man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects . 
train_pos1766 jolting into charleston rhythms , the story has the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent ( accurate ? who cares ? ) . 
train_pos1767 an overly melodramatic but somewhat insightful french coming-of-age film . . . 
train_pos1768 damon brings the proper conviction to his role as [jason bourne] . 
train_pos1769 for the most part , it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera . 
train_pos1770 this is not chabrol's best , but even his lesser works outshine the best some directors can offer . 
train_pos1771 despite its flaws , crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle . 
train_pos1772 you'll end up moved . 
train_pos1773 the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring . 
train_pos1774 those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters' foibles a timeless and unique perspective . 
train_pos1775 the movie is our story as much as it is schmidt's , no matter if it's viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale . 
train_pos1776 quitting offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor . 
train_pos1777 [barry] gives assassin a disquieting authority . 
train_pos1778 at its best ( and it does have some very funny sequences ) looking for leonard reminds you just how comically subversive silence can be . 
train_pos1779  " the turntable is now outselling the electric guitar . . . " 
train_pos1780 transforms one of [shakespeare's] deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy . 
train_pos1781 an intelligent and deeply felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them . 
train_pos1782 it may sound like a mere disease-of- the-week tv movie , but a song for martin is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of real-life spouses seldahl and wollter . 
train_pos1783 every once in a while , a movie will come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most - the fanboy
train_pos1784 chicago pode até ser um filme divertido e cativante ( como é ) , mas acaba representando um passo que vai na direção contrária à evolução dos musicais . 
train_pos1785 as commander-in-chief of this film , bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world . 
train_pos1786 with wit and empathy to spare , waydowntown acknowledges the silent screams of workaday inertia but stops short of indulging its characters' striving solipsism . 
train_pos1787 all of it works smoothly under the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely . 
train_pos1788 the kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati . 
train_pos1789 with 'bowling for columbine , ' michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear . 
train_pos1790 one of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever . 
train_pos1791 a terrifically entertaining specimen of spielbergian sci-fi . 
train_pos1792 a rare and lightly entertaining look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd . 
train_pos1793 solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining . 
train_pos1794 whatever heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv , they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck . 
train_pos1795 although what time offers tsai's usual style and themes , it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films . 
train_pos1796 a moving and stark reminder that the casualties of war reach much further than we imagine . 
train_pos1797 a thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching british comedy . 
train_pos1798  . . . a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs . it is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual
train_pos1799 captures that perverse element of the kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted " other . " 
train_pos1800 imamura has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women . it may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made . 
train_pos1801 with dickens' words and writer-director douglas mcgrath's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told . 
train_pos1802 exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming . 
train_pos1803 the film is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work . 
train_pos1804 a must-see for fans of thoughtful war films and those interested in the sights and sounds of battle . 
train_pos1805 i found myself liking the film , though in this case one man's treasure could prove to be another man's garbage . 
train_pos1806  . . . rogers's mouth never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle . 
train_pos1807 deliberately and skillfully uses ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance . 
train_pos1808 it's all entertaining enough , but don't look for any hefty anti-establishment message in what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper . 
train_pos1809 nicholson's understated performance is wonderful . as warren he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences he's neglected over the years . 
train_pos1810 despite its old-hat set-up and predictable plot , empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining . 
train_pos1811 another entertaining romp from robert rodriguez . 
train_pos1812 it's not a classic spy-action or buddy movie , but it's entertaining enough and worth a look . 
train_pos1813 i am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here . 
train_pos1814 a sharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception . 
train_pos1815 an asian neo-realist treasure . 
train_pos1816 i am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson . 
train_pos1817 a compassionate , moving portrait of an american ( and an america ) always reaching for something just outside his grasp . 
train_pos1818 the film is about the relationships rather than about the outcome . and it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen . 
train_pos1819 one of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm . 
train_pos1820 amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but the film works in spite of it . 
train_pos1821 garcia and the other actors help make the wobbly premise work . 
train_pos1822 it's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series . 
train_pos1823 a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man . 
train_pos1824 leave it to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama . 
train_pos1825 the director , mark pellington , does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head . 
train_pos1826 makes the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted . 
train_pos1827 steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches . 
train_pos1828 marshall puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula . 
train_pos1829 as lively an account as seinfeld is deadpan . 
train_pos1830 you may leave the theater with more questions than answers , but darned if your toes won't still be tapping . 
train_pos1831 take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he'll be your slave for a year . 
train_pos1832 but this is not a movie about an inhuman monster ; it's about a very human one . 
train_pos1833 at times the guys taps into some powerful emotions , but this kind of material is more effective on stage . it's not a motion picture ; it's an utterly static picture . 
train_pos1834 what makes it worth watching is quaid's performance . 
train_pos1835 soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film . what's left is a rich stew of longing . 
train_pos1836 more of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director's previous films . 
train_pos1837 hatfield and hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie's political ramifications . 
train_pos1838 the filmmakers try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching . 
train_pos1839 a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one's mother . 
train_pos1840 audacious-impossible yet compelling . . . 
train_pos1841 often overwrought and at times positively irritating , the film turns into an engrossing thriller almost in spite of itself . 
train_pos1842 this is so de palma . if you love him , you'll like it . if you don't . . . well , skip to another review . 
train_pos1843 rouge is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 . 
train_pos1844 the moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended . 
train_pos1845 the movie enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle . 
train_pos1846 although the subject matter may still be too close to recent national events , the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters . 
train_pos1847 it's not going to be everyone's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on . 
train_pos1848 huppert and girardot give performances of exceptional honesty . 
train_pos1849 feardotcom's thrills are all cheap , but they mostly work . 
train_pos1850 mr . deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- and in the best way . 
train_pos1851 you could love safe conduct ( laissez passer ) for being a subtitled french movie that is 170 minutes long . you could hate it for the same reason . 
train_pos1852 'moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . '
train_pos1853 broomfield reveals an ironic manifestation of institutionalized slavery that ties a black-owned record label with a white-empowered police force . 
train_pos1854 at just over an hour , home movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face . 
train_pos1855 there is greatness here . 
train_pos1856 director juan jose campanella could have turned this into an argentine retread of " iris " or " american beauty , " but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films . 
train_pos1857 if you love the music , and i do , its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary . . . 
train_pos1858 nakata's technique is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects . 
train_pos1859 satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity . 
train_pos1860 she may not be real , but the laughs are . 
train_pos1861 the movie itself is far from disappointing , offering an original take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis . 
train_pos1862 about schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year . if you're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse . 
train_pos1863 the charm of revolution os is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers . 
train_pos1864 until its final minutes this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity . 
train_pos1865 offers the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere . 
train_pos1866 filmmakers dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann area headed east , far east , in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world's democracie
train_pos1867 for all its problems . . . the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring . . . which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience . 
train_pos1868 an edifying glimpse into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performers and their era . 
train_pos1869 the film is saved from aren't-kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that isn't faked and a stately sense of composition . 
train_pos1870 a fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family diversion . 
train_pos1871 the story , once it gets rolling , is nothing short of a great one . 
train_pos1872 great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make gangster no . 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience . 
train_pos1873  " mr . deeds " is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought . 
train_pos1874 it's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems . but on the whole , you're gonna like this movie . 
train_pos1875 in a summer overrun with movies dominated by cgi aliens and super heroes , it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway . 
train_pos1876 a funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a british cast to rival gosford park's . 
train_pos1877 there's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that's packed with just as much intelligence as action . 
train_pos1878 beautifully crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing . 
train_pos1879 a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause . 
train_pos1880 a cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty . 
train_pos1881 for most of its footage , the new thriller proves that director m . night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo . 
train_pos1882  . . . spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative . 
train_pos1883 it's jagger's bone-dry , mournfully brittle delivery that gives the film its bittersweet bite . 
train_pos1884 one of the smarter offerings the horror genre has produced in recent memory , even if it's far tamer than advertised . 
train_pos1885 blade ii is as estrogen-free as movies get , so you might want to leave your date behind for this one , or she's gonna make you feel like you owe her big-time . 
train_pos1886 many a parent and their teen ( or preteen ) kid could bond while watching a walk to remember . so could young romantics out on a date . 
train_pos1887 the members manage to pronounce kok exactly as you think they might , thus giving the cast ample opportunity to use that term as often as possible . it's very beavis and butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle . 
train_pos1888 chicago offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them . 
train_pos1889 a difficult but worthy film that bites off more than it can chew by linking the massacre of armenians in 1915 with some difficult relationships in the present . 
train_pos1890 some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since " saving private ryan " have been recreated by john woo in this little-known story of native americans and their role in the second great war . 
train_pos1891 a charming but slight comedy . 
train_pos1892 playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity . . . bisset is both convincing and radiant . 
train_pos1893 a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : it gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic . 
train_pos1894 an alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary . 
train_pos1895 secretary is not a movie about fetishism . it is a movie about passion . 
train_pos1896 even though it's common knowledge that park and his founding partner , yong kang , lost kozmo in the end , you can't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company's astonishing growth . 
train_pos1897 although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness , those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime . 
train_pos1898 what could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking . 
train_pos1899 the imax screen enhances the personal touch of manual animation . 
train_pos1900 does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background . 
train_pos1901 lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child's interest and an adult's patience . but it also has many of the things that made the first one charming . 
train_pos1902 it's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot . 
train_pos1903 the year's greatest adventure , and jackson's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate . 
train_pos1904 it's fairly solid--not to mention well edited so that it certainly doesn't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark . 
train_pos1905 the hours , a delicately crafted film , is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame . 
train_pos1906 fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we're seeing something purer than the real thing . 
train_pos1907 with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi's , dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy . 
train_pos1908 nohe's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible : he isn't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction . 
train_pos1909 it may not be as cutting , as witty or as true as back in the glory days of weekend and two or three things i know about her , but who else engaged in filmmaking today is so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process ? 
train_pos1910 secret ballot is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving . 
train_pos1911 birthday girl walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked . 
train_pos1912 a muted freak-out
train_pos1913 jackson is always watchable . 
train_pos1914 a wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs . 
train_pos1915 confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk . 
train_pos1916 weird , vulgar comedy that's definitely an acquired taste . 
train_pos1917 the film is a very good viewing alternative for young women . 
train_pos1918 australian filmmaker david flatman uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them . 
train_pos1919 a keep-'em-guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters . 
train_pos1920 the film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing . 
train_pos1921 a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look . 
train_pos1922 the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact . 
train_pos1923 earnest , unsubtle and hollywood-predictable , green dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese . 
train_pos1924 nair and writer laura cahill dare to build a movie around some flawed but rather unexceptional women , emerging with a fine character study that's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life . 
train_pos1925 the film's unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths . entirely appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn . 
train_pos1926 sweetly sexy , funny and touching . 
train_pos1927 a witty , low-key romantic comedy . 
train_pos1928 if you're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus , sade is your film . 
train_pos1929 together writer-director danny verete's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt . 
train_pos1930 bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted- from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen . 
train_pos1931 this story of a determined woman's courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments . 
train_pos1932 like shrek , spirit's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world . 
train_pos1933 a modestly made but profoundly moving documentary . 
train_pos1934 it irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2 , 500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere . 
train_pos1935 not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works , but coppola , along with his sister , sofia , is a real filmmaker . it must be in the genes . 
train_pos1936 hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u . s . -- a major director is emerging in world cinema . 
train_pos1937 although the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking , the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey
train_pos1938 kudos to the most enchanting film of the year . 
train_pos1939 it works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory . 
train_pos1940 it's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today . 
train_pos1941 director paul cox's unorthodox , abstract approach to visualizing nijinsky's diaries is both stimulating and demanding . 
train_pos1942 for 95 often hilarious minutes , [cho] riffs on the diciness of colonics , on straight versus gay personal ads , on how men would act if they had periods , and on the perils of a certain outré sexual practice . 
train_pos1943 most of the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure are still there . 
train_pos1944 a film that's flawed and brilliant in equal measure . 
train_pos1945 even if invincible is not quite the career peak that the pianist is for roman polanski , it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken . 
train_pos1946 hardly a film that comes along every day . 
train_pos1947 harmless fun . 
train_pos1948 the film belongs to the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public
train_pos1949 moonlight mile doesn't quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy . 
train_pos1950 it is an indelible epic american story about two families , one black and one white , facing change in both their inner and outer lives . 
train_pos1951 a flawed film but an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly succeeds . 
train_pos1952 the filmmakers wisely decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him . 
train_pos1953 the tone errs on the shrill side , tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons . 
train_pos1954 an interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama . 
train_pos1955 a meatier deeper beginning and/or ending would have easily tipped this film into the " a " range , as is , it's a very very strong " b+ . " i love the robust middle of this picture . 
train_pos1956 the power of shanghai ghetto , a documentary by dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann , rests in the voices of men and women , now in their 70s , who lived there in the 1940s . 
train_pos1957 maintains your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts . 
train_pos1958 if divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it comes to life in the performances . 
train_pos1959 reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining . 
train_pos1960 an earnest , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool . 
train_pos1961 samuel beckett applied to the iranian voting process . 
train_pos1962 another trumpet blast that there may be a new mexican cinema a-bornin' . 
train_pos1963 ' . . . the film's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '
train_pos1964 this is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos . 
train_pos1965 as underwater ghost stories go , below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle . 
train_pos1966 a rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics . 
train_pos1967 it's incredible the number of stories the holocaust has generated . just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians , another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective . 
train_pos1968 as they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , signs is a tribute to shyamalan's gifts , which are such that we'll keep watching the skies for his next project . 
train_pos1969 there's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one . 
train_pos1970 like a skillful fisher , the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely . 
train_pos1971 a film with contemporary political resonance illustrated by a winning family story . 
train_pos1972 kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story . parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults . 
train_pos1973 an unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud . 
train_pos1974 maid in manhattan might not look so appealing on third or fourth viewing down the road . . . but as a high concept vehicle for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans' lofty expectations , the movie passes inspection . 
train_pos1975 much of all about lily chou-chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep . 
train_pos1976 ferrara's strongest and most touching movie of recent years . 
train_pos1977 spielberg's first real masterpiece , it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later . 
train_pos1978 the screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss logic and science into what is essentially a " dungeons and dragons " fantasy with modern military weaponry . . . 
train_pos1979 more than simply a portrait of early extreme sports , this peek into the 1970s skateboard revolution is a skateboard film as social anthropology . . . 
train_pos1980 what i saw , i enjoyed . 
train_pos1981 good-naturedly cornball sequel . 
train_pos1982 daringly perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty , biggie and tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation . 
train_pos1983 delivers more than its fair share of saucy hilarity . 
train_pos1984 a fairly enjoyable mixture of longest yard . . . and the 1999 guy ritchie caper lock stock and two smoking barrels . 
train_pos1985 happily , some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude . for proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls , retrospectively , his most personal work yet . 
train_pos1986 hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves , it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels . 
train_pos1987 it's not like having a real film of nijinsky , but at least it's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered . 
train_pos1988 the first half bursts with a goofy energy previous disney films only used for a few minutes here and there . 
train_pos1989 an old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed punctuated by flying guts . 
train_pos1990 for all the wit and hoopla , festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships . 
train_pos1991 what makes how i killed my father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is fontaine's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching . 
train_pos1992 renner ? s face is chillingly unemotive , yet he communicates a great deal in his performance . see it for his performance if nothing else . 
train_pos1993  . . . the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see . 
train_pos1994 its engaging simplicity is driven by appealing leads . 
train_pos1995 swimming is above all about a young woman's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman's doubts and yearnings , it succeeds . 
train_pos1996 a respectable venture on its own terms , lacking the broader vision that has seen certain trek films . . . cross over to a more mainstream audience . 
train_pos1997 an elegant film with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication . 
train_pos1998 while this has the making of melodrama , the filmmaker cuts against this natural grain , producing a work that's more interested in asking questions than in answering them . 
train_pos1999 as a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy , kissing jessica steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious . yet it's not quite the genre-busting film it's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe . 
train_pos2000 from a deceptively simple premise , this deeply moving french drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times . 
train_pos2001 simply and eloquently articulates the tangled feelings of particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy . 
train_pos2002 provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust . 
train_pos2003 terrific performances , great to look at , and funny . a little uneven to be the cat's meow , but it's good enough to be the purr . 
train_pos2004 it's a compelling and horrifying story , and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america . 
train_pos2005 i like it . there is a freedom to watching stunts that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane . 
train_pos2006 that rare documentary that incorporates so much of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film . 
train_pos2007 a sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , really isn't . 
train_pos2008 the script is smart , not cloying . 
train_pos2009 easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year . 
train_pos2010 the script manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar . 
train_pos2011 an engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement . 
train_pos2012 like vardalos and corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm , the film , directed by joel zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you can't fake . 
train_pos2013 i don't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he's made at least one damn fine horror movie . 
train_pos2014 despite its flaws . . . belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn . 
train_pos2015 each punch seen through prison bars , the fights become not so much a struggle of man vs . man as brother-man vs . the man . 
train_pos2016 the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear . 
train_pos2017 like the best of godard's movies . . . it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable . 
train_pos2018 horns and halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth . 
train_pos2019 [has] an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it's all true . 
train_pos2020 captivates as it shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper . 
train_pos2021 how good this film might be , depends if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or not . 
train_pos2022 features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film . 
train_pos2023 a superlative b movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing . 
train_pos2024 those prone to indignation need not apply ; those susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up . 
train_pos2025 the trick when watching godard is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them . 
train_pos2026 there's a spontaneity to the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout . 
train_pos2027 the first tunisian film i have ever seen , and it's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i'm likely to see all year . 
train_pos2028 [kline's] utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who can't quite live up to it . 
train_pos2029 feeling like a dope has rarely been more fun than it is in nine queens . 
train_pos2030 leigh makes these lives count . and he allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range . 
train_pos2031 a lot of fun , with an undeniable energy sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers . 
train_pos2032 promises is one film that's truly deserving of its oscar nomination . 
train_pos2033 what bubbles up out of john c . walsh's pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie they might actually want to watch . 
train_pos2034 beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the marquis de sade had gone in for pastel landscapes . 
train_pos2035 ms . hutchins is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda's ultimate fate . 
train_pos2036 a mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last . 
train_pos2037 [it's] a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest . 
train_pos2038 vividly conveys the shadow side of the 30-year friendship between two english women . 
train_pos2039 the story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired . the performances are all solid ; it merely lacks originality to make it a great movie . 
train_pos2040 when you think you've figured out bielinsky's great game , that's when you're in the most trouble : he's the con , and you're just the mark . 
train_pos2041 driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm . . . the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs . 
train_pos2042 it's the sweet cinderella story that " pretty woman " wanted to be . 
train_pos2043 it will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster . 
train_pos2044 what doesn't this film have that an impressionable kid couldn't stand to hear ? 
train_pos2045 a deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world . 
train_pos2046 it's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure , as long as you don't try to look too deep into the story
train_pos2047 a full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence . 
train_pos2048 a new film from bill plympton , the animation master , is always welcome . 
train_pos2049 a devastating indictment of unbridled greed and materalism . 
train_pos2050 what makes the film special is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music . 
train_pos2051 the film has a kind of hard , cold effect . 
train_pos2052 the asylum material is gripping , as are the scenes of jia with his family . 
train_pos2053 one can't deny its seriousness and quality . 
train_pos2054 this engrossing , characteristically complex tom clancy thriller is shifty in the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time . 
train_pos2055 ryan gosling is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted daniel . 
train_pos2056 much of the lady and the duke is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes . 
train_pos2057 with few respites , marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it . 
train_pos2058 provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views . 
train_pos2059 hard to resist . 
train_pos2060 comedian , like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride . 
train_pos2061 a naturally funny film , home movie makes you crave chris smith's next movie . 
train_pos2062 pipe dream does have its charms . the leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly . 
train_pos2063 those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to ichi . 
train_pos2064 a bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing . 
train_pos2065 sheds light on a subject few are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before . 
train_pos2066 great over-the-top moviemaking if you're in a slap-happy mood . 
train_pos2067 the magic ( and original running time ) of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki's spirited away survives intact in bv's re-voiced version . 
train_pos2068 from the dull , surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait . 
train_pos2069 bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness . 
train_pos2070 in a movie full of surprises , the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting . 
train_pos2071 the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative . 
train_pos2072 tony gayton's script doesn't give us anything we haven't seen before , but director d . j . caruso's grimy visual veneer and kilmer's absorbing performance increase the gravitational pull considerably . 
train_pos2073 it's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas . 
train_pos2074 a true-blue delight . 
train_pos2075 unlike lots of hollywood fluff , this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises . 
train_pos2076 vera has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores . 
train_pos2077 a fun ride . 
train_pos2078 fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees . 
train_pos2079 dong shows how intolerance has the power to deform families , then tear them apart . 
train_pos2080 it trusts the story it sets out to tell . 
train_pos2081 i couldn't recommend this film more . 
train_pos2082 an effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence . 
train_pos2083 succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture . 
train_pos2084 me no lika da accents so good , but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story . scott baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects . 
train_pos2085 what's surprising is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm . 
train_pos2086 brings together some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results . 
train_pos2087 wonder , hope and magic can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars
train_pos2088 a flick about our infantilized culture that isn't entirely infantile . 
train_pos2089 an exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop drama . 
train_pos2090 sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching . 
train_pos2091 angel presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale . 
train_pos2092 who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the 'qatsi' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music by philip glass ? 
train_pos2093 proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they can't go wrong . better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh . an excellent sequel . 
train_pos2094 both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement . 
train_pos2095 just how these families interact may surprise you . 
train_pos2096 this new movie version of the alexandre dumas classic is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit . 
train_pos2097 like all of egoyan's work , ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious . 
train_pos2098 if a big musical number like 'praise the lord , he's the god of second chances' doesn't put you off , this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids . 
train_pos2099 although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted , conjures a lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of middle america . 
train_pos2100 a timely look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices . 
train_pos2101 i'd be lying if i said my ribcage didn't ache by the end of kung pow . 
train_pos2102 the movie is ingenious fun . see it . 
train_pos2103 the combination of lightness and strictness in this instance gives italian for beginners an amiable aimlessness that keeps it from seeming predictably formulaic . 
train_pos2104 una película oscura , precisa , por momentos grandiosa y casi siempre conmovedora . 
train_pos2105 the script is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors . 
train_pos2106 an intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the affects of cultural and geographical displacement . 
train_pos2107 spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don' t know an orc from a uruk-hai . 
train_pos2108 this isn't exactly profound cinema , but it's good-natured and sometimes quite funny . 
train_pos2109 this is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller . 
train_pos2110 tres greek writer and star nia vardalos has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script . 
train_pos2111 os problemas têm início a partir do momento em que saímos do cinema e começamos a pensar sobre o que acabamos de ver . É então que sinais realmente desaponta . 
train_pos2112 the film reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style . the difference is that i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne
train_pos2113 morton deserves an oscar nomination . 
train_pos2114 the screenplay never lets us forget that bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him . . . there is never really a true " us " versus " them " . 
train_pos2115 the history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling . they just don't work in concert . 
train_pos2116 it remains to be seen whether statham can move beyond the crime-land action genre , but then again , who says he has to ? 
train_pos2117 the performances of the children , untrained in acting , have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart . 
train_pos2118 despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity . 
train_pos2119 this rush to profits has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you hadn't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point . 
train_pos2120 adams , with four scriptwriters , takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel . 
train_pos2121 a properly spooky film about the power of spirits to influence us whether we believe in them or not . 
train_pos2122 the lightest , most breezy movie steven spielberg has made in more than a decade . and the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him . 
train_pos2123 rarely , indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema . 
train_pos2124 the leanest and meanest of solondz's misanthropic comedies . 
train_pos2125 a dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation . 
train_pos2126 a burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at . 
train_pos2127 an energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up . 
train_pos2128 cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera . 
train_pos2129 noyce has worked wonders with the material . 
train_pos2130 the chateau is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy . 
train_pos2131 there aren't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs . the big guys . 
train_pos2132 vividly demonstrates that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop . 
train_pos2133 if you don't flee , you might be seduced . if you don't laugh , flee . 
train_pos2134 payne constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human . 
train_pos2135 the santa clause 2 proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be . 
train_pos2136 now as a former gong show addict , i'll admit it , my only complaint is that we didn't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show . 
train_pos2137 succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides . 
train_pos2138 the first bond movie in ages that isn't fake fun . 
train_pos2139 this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton's ever-watchful gaze -- and it's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one . 
train_pos2140 a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but mira nair's film is an absolute delight for all audiences . 
train_pos2141 a weird and wonderful comedy . 
train_pos2142 the movie should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end . 
train_pos2143 has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope . 
train_pos2144 a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film . 
train_pos2145 labute's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering . 
train_pos2146 in between all the emotional seesawing , it's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived . but they fascinate in their recklessness . 
train_pos2147 death to smoochy is often very funny , but what's even more remarkable is the integrity of devito's misanthropic vision . 
train_pos2148 a wonderful , ghastly film . 
train_pos2149 amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community , one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop . 
train_pos2150 parris' performance is credible and remarkably mature . 
train_pos2151 'enigma' is the kind of engaging historical drama that hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of 'we were soldiers . '
train_pos2152 munch's screenplay is tenderly observant of his characters . he watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities . his scenes are short and often unexpected . 
train_pos2153 it grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration . 
train_pos2154 leigh's daring here is that without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of margaret thatcher's ruinous legacy , he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other . 
train_pos2155 hashiguchi vividly captures the way young japanese live now , chafing against their culture's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse . 
train_pos2156 uneven but a lot of fun . 
train_pos2157 this real-life hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces . 
train_pos2158 left me with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of charlotte's web of desire and desperation . 
train_pos2159 the characters are more deeply thought through than in most 'right-thinking' films . 
train_pos2160 crammed with incident , and bristles with passion and energy . 
train_pos2161 a simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm . 
train_pos2162 there's very little sense to what's going on here , but the makers serve up the cliches with considerable dash . 
train_pos2163 a surprisingly 'solid' achievement by director malcolm d . lee and writer john ridley . 
train_pos2164 this is pure , exciting moviemaking . you won't exactly know what's happening but you'll be blissfully exhausted . 
train_pos2165 works because reno doesn't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience . 
train_pos2166 nettelbeck . . . has a pleasing way with a metaphor . 
train_pos2167 a pure participatory event that malnourished intellectuals will gulp down in a frenzy . 
train_pos2168 the cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story . 
train_pos2169 the film's highlight is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations . 
train_pos2170 the film is bright and flashy in all the right ways . 
train_pos2171 elegant and eloquent [meditation] on death and that most elusive of passions , love . 
train_pos2172 cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion and you find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most . 
train_pos2173 shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , devils chronicles , with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives . 
train_pos2174 there's no clear picture of who killed bob crane . but here's a glimpse at his life . 
train_pos2175 spectacularly beautiful , not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing . 
train_pos2176 a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but it could have been more . 
train_pos2177 sparse but oddly compelling . 
train_pos2178 the pinochet case is a searing album of remembrance from those who , having survived , suffered most . 
train_pos2179 a sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies . 
train_pos2180 with so many bad romances out there , this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine . 
train_pos2181 brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , haneke's portrait of an upper class austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt . 
train_pos2182  " the quiet american " begins in saigon in 1952 . that's its first sign of trouble . 
train_pos2183 be patient with the lovely hush ! and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience . 
train_pos2184 the large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible imax sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes . 
train_pos2185 godard has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence . 
train_pos2186 the off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery . 
train_pos2187 a tasty slice of droll whimsy . 
train_pos2188 mike leigh populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
train_pos2189 awesome work : ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful
train_pos2190 sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy . . . attal looks so much like a young robert deniro that it seems the film should instead be called 'my husband is travis bickle' . 
train_pos2191 even if you're an agnostic carnivore , you can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor . 
train_pos2192 where bowling for columbine is at its most valuable is in its examination of america's culture of fear as a root cause of gun violence . 
train_pos2193 the all-french cast is marveilleux . 
train_pos2194 there's a lot to recommend read my lips . 
train_pos2195 the movie is . . . very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes . 
train_pos2196 a refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market . 
train_pos2197 it finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice . 
train_pos2198  . . . an enjoyably frothy 'date movie' . . . 
train_pos2199 two weeks notice has appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy . 
train_pos2200 if mostly martha is mostly unsurprising , it's still a sweet , even delectable diversion . 
train_pos2201 a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich . 
train_pos2202 schnitzler does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film's present with the playful paranoia of the film's past . 
train_pos2203 mana gives us compelling , damaged characters who we want to help -- or hurt . 
train_pos2204 a good documentary can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold . a case in point : doug pray's scratch . 
train_pos2205 in xxx , diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep . 
train_pos2206 an engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients . 
train_pos2207 it all plays out . . . like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller's time out . 
train_pos2208 the film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work . 
train_pos2209 this is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt . 
train_pos2210 a moving and important film . 
train_pos2211 deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame . 
train_pos2212 showtime is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation . 
train_pos2213 sweet home alabama isn't going to win any academy awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts . 
train_pos2214 a tour de force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers . 
train_pos2215 it is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise . 
train_pos2216 when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we'd live in if argento's hollywood counterparts . . . had this much imagination and nerve . 
train_pos2217 piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling . 
train_pos2218 sayles has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group . 
train_pos2219  " nicholas nickleby " is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there's no new " a christmas carol " out in the theaters this year . charlie hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero . 
train_pos2220 though a touch too arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism , heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors . 
train_pos2221 i simply can't recommend it enough . 
train_pos2222 wiseman reveals the victims of domestic abuse in all of their pity and terror . 
train_pos2223 muccino , who directed from his own screenplay , is a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss . . . provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex . 
train_pos2224 we want the funk - and this movie's got it . 
train_pos2225 wow , so who knew charles dickens could be so light-hearted ? 
train_pos2226 many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and i don't think that a . c . will help this movie one bit . 
train_pos2227 sem se preocupar em criar momentos melodramáticos para arrancar lágrimas do espectador , o pianista é um filme triste sem que , para isso , precise ser emocionante . 
train_pos2228 a miraculous movie , i'm going home is so slight , yet overflows with wisdom and emotion . 
train_pos2229 baran is shockingly devoid of your typical majid majidi shoe-loving , crippled children . 
train_pos2230 an ambitious 'what if ? ' that works . 
train_pos2231 every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you're on the edge of your seat . 
train_pos2232 the series' message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives remains prominent , as do the girls' amusing personalities . 
train_pos2233 richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings . 
train_pos2234 offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory . 
train_pos2235 a b-movie you can sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then forget . 
train_pos2236 disappointingly , the characters are too strange and dysfunctional , tom included , to ever get under the skin , but this is compensated in large part by the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself . 
train_pos2237 the word that comes to mind , while watching eric rohmer's tribute to a courageous scottish lady , is painterly . 
train_pos2238 really is a pan-american movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart . 
train_pos2239 an overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort . 
train_pos2240 peppering this urban study with references to norwegian folktales , villeneuve creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical . 
train_pos2241 ong's promising debut is a warm and well-told tale of one recent chinese immigrant's experiences in new york city . 
train_pos2242 fantastic ! 
train_pos2243 that the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle . 
train_pos2244 it's up to [watts] to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and her presence succeeds in making us believe . 
train_pos2245 shyamalan takes a potentially trite and overused concept ( aliens come to earth ) and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion . 
train_pos2246  . . . the story , like ravel's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with . 
train_pos2247 gondry's direction is adequate . . . but what gives human nature its unique feel is kaufman's script . 
train_pos2248 the observations of this social/economic/urban environment are canny and spiced with irony . 
train_pos2249 jarecki and gibney do find enough material to bring kissinger's record into question and explain how the diplomat's tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives . 
train_pos2250 the spaniel-eyed jean reno infuses hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart . 
train_pos2251 a mildly enjoyable if toothless adaptation of a much better book . 
train_pos2252  " the dangerous lives of altar boys " has flaws , but it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors
train_pos2253 unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge . 
train_pos2254 intelligent , caustic take on a great writer and dubious human being . 
train_pos2255 less the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling ( though no less horrifying for it ) . 
train_pos2256 the film is one of the year's best . 
train_pos2257 eerily accurate depiction of depression . 
train_pos2258  . . . a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of mamet . 
train_pos2259 charming and witty , it's also somewhat clumsy . 
train_pos2260 directed with purpose and finesse by england's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing , relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft . 
train_pos2261 escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions . 
train_pos2262 [allen] manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise . 
train_pos2263 by surrounding us with hyper-artificiality , haynes makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way . 
train_pos2264 a deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surface-obsession – one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom . 
train_pos2265 superb production values & christian bale's charisma make up for a derivative plot . 
train_pos2266 captivates and shows how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head . 
train_pos2267 it is a likable story , told with competence . 
train_pos2268 not only does spider-man deliver , but i suspect it might deliver again and again . 
train_pos2269 a small movie with a big impact . 
train_pos2270 using an endearing cast , writer/director dover kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred . 
train_pos2271 nice piece of work . 
train_pos2272 katz's documentary doesn't have much panache , but with material this rich it doesn't need it . 
train_pos2273 a conventional but heartwarming tale . 
train_pos2274 a thought-provoking picture . 
train_pos2275 a film of quiet power . 
train_pos2276 more concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , soderbergh's solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem . 
train_pos2277 the sword fighting is well done and auteuil is a goofy pleasure . 
train_pos2278 yes , mibii is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it . 
train_pos2279 film can't quite maintain its initial momentum , but remains sporadically funny throughout . 
train_pos2280 o fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing . 
train_pos2281 it's still adam sandler , and it's not little nicky . and for many of us , that's good enough . 
train_pos2282 here's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix . 
train_pos2283 lee's achievement extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability . 
train_pos2284 kaufman and jonze take huge risks to ponder the whole notion of passion -- our desire as human beings for passion in our lives and the emptiness one feels when it is missing . 
train_pos2285 it tends to remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing
train_pos2286 while centered on the life experiences of a particular theatrical family , this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel . 
train_pos2287 the immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d . 
train_pos2288 has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre . 
train_pos2289 this movie has the usual impossible stunts . . . but it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie . 
train_pos2290 mostly works because of the universal themes , earnest performances . . . and excellent use of music by india's popular gulzar and jagjit singh . 
train_pos2291 writer/director david caesar ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza . 
train_pos2292 rarely have i seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart . 
train_pos2293 holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks . 
train_pos2294 all in all , a great party . 
train_pos2295 a stylish thriller . 
train_pos2296 in some ways , lagaan is quintessential bollywood . except it's much , much better . 
train_pos2297 though it never rises to its full potential as a film , still offers a great deal of insight into the female condition and the timeless danger of emotions repressed . 
train_pos2298 scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf . 
train_pos2299 what enlivens this film , beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates . 
train_pos2300 i'd watch these two together again in a new york minute . 
train_pos2301 there's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot , and cq shimmers with it . 
train_pos2302 this film is so different from the apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success . 
train_pos2303 like a less dizzily gorgeous companion to mr . wong's in the mood for love -- very much a hong kong movie despite its mainland setting . 
train_pos2304  . . . a somber film , almost completely unrelieved by any comedy beyond the wistful everyday ironies of the working poor . 
train_pos2305 coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching . 
train_pos2306 the overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries . 
train_pos2307 poignant and moving , a walk to remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter . 
train_pos2308 worth a salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film . 
train_pos2309 handsome and sophisticated approach to the workplace romantic comedy . 
train_pos2310 while cherish doesn't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller , it's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem . 
train_pos2311 in many ways , reminiscent of 1992's unforgiven which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue . 
train_pos2312 an often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast of a costume drama set in the late 15th century . 
train_pos2313 the culmination of everyone's efforts is given life when a selection appears in its final form [in " last dance " ] . 
train_pos2314 in questioning the election process , payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box . 
train_pos2315 consummate actor barry has done excellent work here . 
train_pos2316 the biggest problem with this movie is that it's not nearly long enough . 
train_pos2317 while not all that bad of a movie , it's nowhere near as good as the original . 
train_pos2318 i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and , whatever flaws igby goes down may possess , it is undeniably that . 
train_pos2319 the movie does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds . 
train_pos2320 cold , nervy and memorable . 
train_pos2321 becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters . 
train_pos2322 spend your benjamins on a matinee . 
train_pos2323 the storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema . 
train_pos2324 cuaron repeatedly , perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective . 
train_pos2325 it's definitely an improvement on the first blade , since it doesn't take itself so deadly seriously . 
train_pos2326 a slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time . 
train_pos2327 what's infuriating about full frontal is that it's too close to real life to make sense . what's invigorating about it is that it doesn't give a damn . 
train_pos2328 is red dragon worthy of a place alongside the other hannibal movies ? as hannibal would say , yes , 'it's like having an old friend for dinner' . 
train_pos2329 perhaps the grossest movie ever made . funny , though . 
train_pos2330 this 90-minute postmodern voyage was more diverting and thought-provoking than i'd expected it to be . 
train_pos2331 a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist . 
train_pos2332 an affectionately goofy satire that's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary . . . 
train_pos2333 it picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film . 
train_pos2334 graham greene's novel of colonialism and empire is elevated by michael caine's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world . 
train_pos2335 bon appétit ! just like a splendid meal , red dragon satisfies – from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation . 
train_pos2336 the structure is simple , but in its own way , rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings . 
train_pos2337 this charming , thought-provoking new york fest of life and love has its rewards . 
train_pos2338 some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options . 
train_pos2339 a film that will enthrall the whole family . 
train_pos2340 it sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that . 
train_pos2341 an 83 minute document of a project which started in a muddle , seesawed back and forth between controlling interests multiple times , then found its sweet spot
train_pos2342 both grant and hoult carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others . 
train_pos2343 in the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly a-list players . 
train_pos2344 like mike is a harmlessly naïve slice of b-ball fantasy , fit for filling in during the real nba's off-season . 
train_pos2345 y tu mamá también es un buen filme gracias a lo poco convencional de su narrativa , y es quizá el proyecto más arriesgado en la carrera de alfonso cuarón
train_pos2346 what elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish . 
train_pos2347 a film about female friendship that men can embrace and women will talk about for hours . 
train_pos2348 É uma pena que , mais tarde , o próprio filme abandone o tom de paródia e passe a utilizar os mesmos clichês que havia satirizado . 
train_pos2349 it may be about drug dealers , kidnapping , and unsavory folks , but the tone and pacing are shockingly intimate . 
train_pos2350 massoud's story is an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner ( and ultimately the victim ) of history . 
train_pos2351 because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we've somehow never seen before . 
train_pos2352 does point the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets . 
train_pos2353 sum " is jack ryan's " do-over . " give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works . especially give credit to affleck . 
train_pos2354 an intelligently made ( and beautifully edited ) picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch . 
train_pos2355 a terrific date movie , whatever your orientation . 
train_pos2356 not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching . 
train_pos2357 the pain , loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze . 
train_pos2358 a gem of a movie . 
train_pos2359 witty , vibrant , and intelligent . 
train_pos2360 the film is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once . . . a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller . 
train_pos2361 eight legged freaks is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer . 
train_pos2362 a thriller whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story , you cannot separate them . 
train_pos2363 it's a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire ! 
train_pos2364 returning director rob minkoff . . . and screenwriter bruce joel rubin . . . have done a fine job of updating white's dry wit to a new age . 
train_pos2365 a strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being . 
train_pos2366 an unflinching look at the world's dispossessed . 
train_pos2367 if the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals , it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material . 
train_pos2368 polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style . 
train_pos2369 a colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters . 
train_pos2370 frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him . 
train_pos2371 nicely combines the enigmatic features of 'memento' with the hallucinatory drug culture of 'requiem for a dream . '
train_pos2372 a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ‘direct-to-video' release . 
train_pos2373 the best part about " gangs " was daniel day-lewis . 
train_pos2374 a treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you're a struggling nobody . 
train_pos2375 one of those rare films that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them . 
train_pos2376 director chris wedge and screenwriters michael berg , michael j . wilson and peter ackerman create some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time . 
train_pos2377 solondz creates some effective moments of discomfort for character and viewer alike . 
train_pos2378 the film's appeal has a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth . 
train_pos2379 i was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise . 
train_pos2380 more mature than fatal attraction , more complete than indecent proposal and more relevant than 9 ½ weeks , unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema . 
train_pos2381 for all the dolorous trim , secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers' sporadic dips into pop freudianism . 
train_pos2382 campbell scott finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson . 
train_pos2383 russian ark is a new treasure of the hermitage . 
train_pos2384 it's definitely a step in the right direction . 
train_pos2385 ourside the theatre roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he's well worth spending some time with . 
train_pos2386 a gem , captured in the unhurried , low-key style favored by many directors of the iranian new wave . 
train_pos2387 ranges from laugh-out-loud hilarious to wonder-what- time-it-is tedious . 
train_pos2388 beating the austin powers films at their own game , this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness . 
train_pos2389 this is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem . 
train_pos2390 for all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters , the heart of the film rests in the relationship between sullivan and his son . 
train_pos2391 a hidden-agenda drama that shouts classic french nuance . 
train_pos2392 an invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent . 
train_pos2393 lan yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece . it is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it . 
train_pos2394 this often-hilarious farce manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal . 
train_pos2395 stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall's intense freight train of a film . 
train_pos2396 expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street . 
train_pos2397 the farcical elements seemed too pat and familiar to hold my interest , yet its diverting grim message is a good one . 
train_pos2398 shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski's the pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high . 
train_pos2399 the underworld urban angst is derivative of martin scorsese's taxi driver and goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself . 
train_pos2400 despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed . 
train_pos2401 constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act . 
train_pos2402 the journey is worth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride . 
train_pos2403 for every cheesy scene , though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized . 
train_pos2404 what sets ms . birot's film apart from others in the genre is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents . 
train_pos2405 claire is a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains . 
train_pos2406 it's clear that mehta simply wanted to update her beloved genre for the thousands of indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent . 
train_pos2407 compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children . 
train_pos2408 rodriguez does a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style--casting excellent latin actors of all ages--a trend long overdue . 
train_pos2409 beneath the film's obvious determination to shock at any cost lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve . 
train_pos2410 a visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects . 
train_pos2411 an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line . 
train_pos2412 just as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart , time of favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain . 
train_pos2413 a stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us clearly see the world of our making . 
train_pos2414 daring and beautifully made . 
train_pos2415 imagine o . henry's <b>the gift of the magi</b> relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc's drug scene . merry friggin' christmas ! 
train_pos2416 both lead performances are oscar-size . quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver . 
train_pos2417 ferrara's best film in years . 
train_pos2418 a remarkably insightful look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic . 
train_pos2419 nothing short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil . 
train_pos2420 matches neorealism's impact by showing the humanity of a war-torn land filled with people who just want to live their lives . 
train_pos2421 those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give " scratch " a second look . 
train_pos2422 baby-faced renner is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within . 
train_pos2423 romantic , riveting and handsomely animated . 
train_pos2424 a competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country . 
train_pos2425 mcgrath has deftly trimmed dickens' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness . 
train_pos2426 a chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody . 
train_pos2427 offers laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through . 
train_pos2428 a perceptive , good-natured movie . 
train_pos2429 hugely accomplished slice of hitchcockian suspense . 
train_pos2430 the formula is familiar but enjoyable . 
train_pos2431 the lady and the duke is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats' perspective . 
train_pos2432 most haunting about " fence " is its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen . noyce's greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us
train_pos2433 there's much tongue in cheek in the film and there's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all . 
train_pos2434 an action/thriller of the finest kind , evoking memories of day of the jackal , the french connection , and heat . 
train_pos2435 the best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites . 
train_pos2436 in capturing the understated comedic agony of an ever-ruminating , genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills , the film could just as well be addressing the turn of the 20th century into the 21st . 
train_pos2437 insomnia does not become one of those rare remakes to eclipse the original , but it doesn't disgrace it , either . 
train_pos2438 classic cinema served up with heart and humor
train_pos2439 the events of the film are just so weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next . 
train_pos2440 nicole holofcener's lovely and amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style . 
train_pos2441 that jack nicholson makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend . 
train_pos2442 has a solid emotional impact . 
train_pos2443 successfully blended satire , high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie . 
train_pos2444 mark pellington's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth . 
train_pos2445 while maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity , this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among wiseman's warmest . 
train_pos2446 an enjoyable above average summer diversion . 
train_pos2447 if you've the patience , there are great rewards here . 
train_pos2448 watching e . t now , in an era dominated by cold , loud special-effects-laden extravaganzas , one is struck less by its lavish grandeur than by its intimacy and precision . 
train_pos2449 visually breathtaking , viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it's the very definition of epic adventure . 
train_pos2450 chris columbus' sequel is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original . 
train_pos2451 believes so fervently in humanity that it feels almost anachronistic , and it is too cute by half . but arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us . 
train_pos2452 adam sandler ! in an art film ! 
train_pos2453 as averse as i usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream hollywood fantasies , this one got to me . 
train_pos2454 stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation . 
train_pos2455 the hook is the drama within the drama , as an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight . 
train_pos2456 like smoke signals , the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
train_pos2457 one of the most original american productions this year , you'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state . 
train_pos2458 gives everyone something to shout about . 
train_pos2459 the slam-bang superheroics are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters . 
train_pos2460 a worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions . 
train_pos2461 deliciously mean-spirited and wryly observant . 
train_pos2462 the kind of primal storytelling that george lucas can only dream of . 
train_pos2463 even if the ring has a familiar ring , it's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror . 
train_pos2464 the sheer joy and pride they took in their work -- and in each other -- shines through every frame . 
train_pos2465 a solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration . 
train_pos2466 an entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action movie . 
train_pos2467 it has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out . 
train_pos2468 an enjoyable comedy of lingual and cultural differences… the château is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten . 
train_pos2469  . . . could easily be called the best korean film of 2002 . 
train_pos2470 full of detail about the man and his country , and is well worth seeing . 
train_pos2471 the banter between calvin and his fellow barbers feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group . . . and never fails to entertain . 
train_pos2472 bill morrison's decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful . 
train_pos2473 full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life . 
train_pos2474 even with all its botches , enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment . 
train_pos2475 his work transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories . 
train_pos2476 the dramatic crisis doesn't always succeed in its quest to be taken seriously , but huppert's volatile performance makes for a riveting movie experience . 
train_pos2477 it's sobering , particularly if anyone still thinks this conflict can be resolved easily , or soon . 
train_pos2478 if it's not entirely memorable , the movie is certainly easy to watch . 
train_pos2479  . . . by the time it's done with us , mira nair's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over . 
train_pos2480 don't judge this one too soon - it's a dark , gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going . 
train_pos2481 it's funny , as the old saying goes , because it's true . 
train_pos2482 in death to smoochy , we don't get williams' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing . 
train_pos2483 fortunately , elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry . 
train_pos2484 if you've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart . this is the best star trek movie in a long time . 
train_pos2485 a funny , triumphant , and moving documentary . 
train_pos2486 lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest . 
train_pos2487 a confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design . 
train_pos2488 even better than the first one ! 
train_pos2489 its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy . 
train_pos2490 a must see for all sides of the political spectrum
train_pos2491 [reynolds] takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch . 
train_pos2492 rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world , it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust . 
train_pos2493 this humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie , is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that 'they don't make movies like they used to anymore . '
train_pos2494 es una de esas películas de las que uno sale reconfortado , agradecido , genuinamente sorprendido . 
train_pos2495 this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences . . . and it's all the stronger because of it . 
train_pos2496 the film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality . 
train_pos2497 'almodóvar logra un filme entrañable , lleno de compasión , comprensión , amor , amistad , esperanza y humanidad que es sencillamente inolvidable . '
train_pos2498 the kind of sense of humor that derives from a workman's grasp of pun and entendre and its attendant need to constantly draw attention to itself . 
train_pos2499 too much of storytelling moves away from solondz's social critique , casting its audience as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur's professional injuries . 
train_pos2500 the story is virtually impossible to follow here , but there's a certain style and wit to the dialogue . 
train_pos2501 the music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and italy beckons us all . 
train_pos2502 the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms . ambrose . 
train_pos2503 jones has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama . 
train_pos2504 oliveira seems to pursue silent film representation with every mournful composition . 
train_pos2505 he's the scariest guy you'll see all summer . 
train_pos2506  " frailty " offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies . and , there's no way you won't be talking about the film once you exit the theater . 
train_pos2507 some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat . 
train_pos2508 the dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen . 
train_pos2509 y tu mamá también is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than georgia asphalt . 
train_pos2510  . . . works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once . 
train_pos2511 if the material is slight and admittedly manipulative , jacquot preserves tosca's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera . 
train_pos2512 mais um momento inspirado de david fincher . 
train_pos2513 a must for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride . 
train_pos2514 it's a good film , but it falls short of its aspiration to be a true 'epic' . 
train_pos2515 a touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by michel piccoli . 
train_pos2516 the ending feels at odds with the rest of the film . 
train_pos2517 dense and thoughtful and brimming with ideas that are too complex to be rapidly absorbed . 
train_pos2518 with this masterful , flawless film , [wang] emerges in the front ranks of china's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers . 
train_pos2519 shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes . 
train_pos2520 this film is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion . 
train_pos2521 a different kind of love story - one that is dark , disturbing , painful to watch , yet compelling . 
train_pos2522 splendidly illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity . 
train_pos2523 a compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day . 
train_pos2524 to those who have not read the book , the film is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer's 'divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood , ' but that's not saying much . 
train_pos2525 even before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia , it's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon . 
train_pos2526 touches smartly and wistfully on a number of themes , not least the notion that the marginal members of society . . . might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants . 
train_pos2527 a mature , deeply felt fantasy of a director's travel through 300 years of russian history . 
train_pos2528 boldly engineering a collision between tawdry b-movie flamboyance and grandiose spiritual anomie , rose's film , true to its source material , provides a tenacious demonstration of death as the great equalizer . 
train_pos2529 a finely tuned mood piece , a model of menacing atmosphere . 
train_pos2530 both a beautifully made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes . 
train_pos2531 although shot with little style , skins is heartfelt and achingly real . 
train_pos2532 harks back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research . 
train_pos2533 a well-executed spy-thriller . 
train_pos2534 it certainly won't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time . 
train_pos2535 dog soldiers doesn't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it . 
train_pos2536 at once emotional and richly analytical , the cosby-seinfeld encounter alone confirms the serious weight behind this superficially loose , larky documentary . 
train_pos2537 it may scream low budget , but this charmer has a spirit that cannot be denied . 
train_pos2538 'alice's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures . 
train_pos2539 a good music documentary , probably one of the best since the last waltz . 
train_pos2540 the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for gai's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her . 
train_pos2541 broomfield has a rather unique approach to documentary . he thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject . 
train_pos2542 robinson's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that clancy creates . 
train_pos2543 a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long after viewing
train_pos2544 jaunty fun , with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used . 
train_pos2545 recoing's fantastic performance doesn't exactly reveal what makes vincent tick , but perhaps any definitive explanation for it would have felt like a cheat . 
train_pos2546 washington overcomes the script's flaws and envelops the audience in his character's anguish , anger and frustration . 
train_pos2547 not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers -- it's a spirited film and a must-see . 
train_pos2548 the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie weren't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is . 
train_pos2549 idiotic and ugly . 
train_pos2550 it may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but i enjoyed barbershop . it's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters . 
train_pos2551 it's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful . 
train_pos2552 a perfectly competent and often imaginative film that lacks what little lilo & stitch had in spades -- charisma . 
train_pos2553 beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself . 
train_pos2554 an elegant work , food of love is as consistently engaging as it is revealing . 
train_pos2555 a behind the scenes look at the training and dedication that goes into becoming a world-class fencer and the champion that's made a difference to nyc inner-city youth . 
train_pos2556 a powerful , inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution . 
train_pos2557 in its own floundering way , it gets to you . just like igby . 
train_pos2558 return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but it's not half-bad . 
train_pos2559 if signs is a good film , and it is , the essence of a great one is in there somewhere . 
train_pos2560 veterans of the dating wars will smirk uneasily at the film's nightmare versions of everyday sex-in-the-city misadventures . 
train_pos2561 schrader examines crane's decline with unblinking candor . 
train_pos2562 this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man pasach'ke burstein and his family , transcends ethnic lines . 
train_pos2563 sensitively examines general issues of race and justice among the poor , and specifically raises serious questions about the death penalty and asks what good the execution of a mentally challenged woman could possibly do . 
train_pos2564 cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh . not as good as the original , but what is . . . 
train_pos2565 presents a side of contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation . 
train_pos2566 [jeff's] gorgeous , fluid compositions , underlined by neil finn and edmund mcwilliams's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor , but rarely easy , obvious or self-indulgent . 
train_pos2567 engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched . 
train_pos2568 a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspired it
train_pos2569 apuestas fuertes para el futuro del director , y apuestas bien fundadas , pues la suerte ya la tiene , y la cinta lo comprueba . . . . 
train_pos2570 what one is left with , even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream . 
train_pos2571 [it] has the feel of a summer popcorn movie . nothing too deep or substantial . explosions , jokes , and sexual innuendoes abound . 
train_pos2572  . . . a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels . 
train_pos2573 assured , vital and well wrought , the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong's versatile stanley kwan . 
train_pos2574 delia , greta , and paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year . as each of them searches for their place in the world , miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity . 
train_pos2575 it's not particularly well made , but since i found myself howling more than cringing , i'd say the film works . 
train_pos2576 though its story is only surface deep , the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see . 
train_pos2577 you may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject . 
train_pos2578 often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers . 
train_pos2579 a venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director's understanding of the expressive power of the camera . 
train_pos2580 like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie doesn't offer much more than the series , but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome . 
train_pos2581 a lovely and beautifully photographed romance . 
train_pos2582 one of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the french film industry in years . 
train_pos2583 for almost the first two-thirds of martin scorsese's 168-minute gangs of new york , i was entranced . 
train_pos2584 neither the funniest film that eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made , showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while . before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway . 
train_pos2585 the determination of pinochet's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop . 
train_pos2586 it's . . . worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts . 
train_pos2587 boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun . 
train_pos2588 this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it . 
train_pos2589 the modern master of the chase sequence returns with a chase to end all chases
train_pos2590 the messy emotions raging throughout this three-hour effort are instantly recognizable , allowing the film to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time . 
train_pos2591 austin powers in goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride . 
train_pos2592 you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy's holes , and the scripters don't deserve any oscars . but the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment . 
train_pos2593 contrasting the original ringu with the current americanized adaptation is akin to comparing the evil dead with evil dead ii
train_pos2594 a small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it is funny , scary and sad . 
train_pos2595 late marriage is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love . 
train_pos2596 it's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that's been given the drive of a narrative and that's been acted out -- the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work . 
train_pos2597 it's sweet . it's funny . it wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy hawaiian shirt . and , thanks to the presence of 'the king , ' it also rocks . 
train_pos2598 the beauty of the piece is that it counts heart as important as humor . 
train_pos2599 piercingly affecting . . . while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying . 
train_pos2600 while the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo . . . broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity . 
train_pos2601 the cast is phenomenal , especially the women . 
train_pos2602 a marvel of production design . 
train_pos2603 the byplay and bickering between the now spy-savvy siblings , carmen ( vega ) and juni ( sabara ) cortez , anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take . 
train_pos2604 good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat . 
train_pos2605 remarkable for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity , it's an adventure story and history lesson all in one . 
train_pos2606 colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical . . . the rare sequel that's better than its predecessor . 
train_pos2607 reno himself can take credit for most of the movie's success . he's one of the few 'cool' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness . 
train_pos2608 ub equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of 'black culture' and the dorkier aspects of 'white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are . 
train_pos2609 painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic , this film should not be missed . 
train_pos2610 part of the film's cheeky charm comes from its vintage schmaltz . 
train_pos2611 i won't argue with anyone who calls 'slackers' dumb , insulting , or childish . . . but i laughed so much that i didn't mind . 
train_pos2612 it arrives with an impeccable pedigree , mongrel pep , and almost indecipherable plot complications . 
train_pos2613 so fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated . not to mention absolutely refreshed . 
train_pos2614 a vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition . 
train_pos2615 the film sometimes flags . . . but there is enough secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace . 
train_pos2616 it's a drawling , slobbering , lovable run-on sentence of a film , a southern gothic with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack . 
train_pos2617 worth a look by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers , one the public rarely sees . 
train_pos2618 exhilarating , funny and fun . 
train_pos2619 while not quite " shrek " or monsters , inc . " , it's not too bad . it's worth taking the kids to . 
train_pos2620 it pulls the rug out from under you , just when you're ready to hate one character , or really sympathize with another character , something happens to send you off in different direction . 
train_pos2621 twenty years after its first release , e . t . remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg's misunderstood career . 
train_pos2622 gives us a lot to chew on , but not all of it has been properly digested . 
train_pos2623  " simone " is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality . 
train_pos2624 a great companion piece to other napoleon films . 
train_pos2625 to some eyes this will seem like a recycling of clichés , an assassin's greatest hits . to others , it will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking . 
train_pos2626 at the end of the movie , my 6-year-old nephew said , " i guess i come from a broken family , and my uncles are all aliens , too . " congrats disney on a job well done , i enjoyed it just as much ! 
train_pos2627 berling and béart . . . continue to impress , and isabelle huppert . . . again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters . 
train_pos2628 uplifting , funny and wise . 
train_pos2629 the hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale explore the connections between place and personal identity . 
train_pos2630 brosnan is more feral in this film than i've seen him before and halle berry does her best to keep up with him . 
train_pos2631 a film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i saw the film . 
train_pos2632  " on guard ! " won't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world's best actors , daniel auteuil , have a whale of a good time . 
train_pos2633 the movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it weren't true . this is the stuff that disney movies are made of . 
train_pos2634 that the e-graveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin's film serves up with style and empathy . 
train_pos2635 while we no longer possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen , we had no trouble sitting for blade ii . 
train_pos2636  . . . a solid , unassuming drama . 
train_pos2637 thanks to ice cube , benjamins feels an awful lot like friday in miami . 
train_pos2638 though the film is static , its writer-director's heart is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable . 
train_pos2639 it's rare to find a film to which the adjective 'gentle' applies , but the word perfectly describes pauline & paulette . 
train_pos2640 both garcia and jagger turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny . 
train_pos2641 for the most part , the film does hold up pretty well . 
train_pos2642 there has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently . . . but peter mattei's love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note . 
train_pos2643 by applying definition to both sides of the man , the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject . 
train_pos2644 who is the audience for cletis tout ? anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed . 
train_pos2645 [cuarón has] created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy . 
train_pos2646 poetic , heartbreaking . 
train_pos2647 witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions . it's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor . like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs . 
train_pos2648 <em>ash wednesday</em> is not edward burns' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film . and it marks him as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today . 
train_pos2649 the footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with suge knight are just two of the elements that will grab you . 
train_pos2650 don't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you don't have kids borrow some . 
train_pos2651 the movie's captivating details are all in the performances , from foreman's barking-mad taylor to thewlis's smoothly sinister freddie and bettany/mcdowell's hard-eyed gangster . 
train_pos2652 features fincher's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity . 
train_pos2653 a cutesy romantic tale with a twist . 
train_pos2654 this is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life . delight your senses and crash this wedding ! 
train_pos2655 a brutally dry satire of middle american numbness . 
train_pos2656 more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are . . . an amusing little catch . 
train_pos2657  . . . even if you've never heard of chaplin , you'll still be glued to the screen . 
train_pos2658 you have enough finely tuned acting to compensate for the movie's failings . 
train_pos2659 as the dominant christine , sylvie testud is icily brilliant . 
train_pos2660 the story that emerges has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy . 
train_pos2661 [ " safe conduct " ] is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage . viva le resistance ! 
train_pos2662 martyr gets royally screwed and comes back for more . 
train_pos2663 an admirable , sometimes exceptional film
train_pos2664 if you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor , then triple x marks the spot . 
train_pos2665 from blushing to gushing---imamura squirts the screen in ‘warm water under a red bridge'
train_pos2666 the film's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise . 
train_pos2667 a bodice-ripper for intellectuals . 
train_pos2668 count on his movie to work at the back of your neck long after you leave the theater . 
train_pos2669 the complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen is like nothing we westerners have seen before . 
train_pos2670 try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment . 
train_pos2671 as quiet , patient and tenacious as mr . lopez himself , who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline . 
train_pos2672 though the film never veers from its comic course , its unintentional parallels might inadvertently evoke memories and emotions which are anything but humorous . 
train_pos2673 evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made mamet's " house of games " and last fall's " heist " so much fun . 
train_pos2674 it may be a no-brainer , but at least it's a funny no-brainer . 
train_pos2675 jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness . 
train_pos2676 the most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film of the year has arrived from portugal . 
train_pos2677 the creative animation work may not look as fully 'rendered' as pixar's industry standard , but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree . 
train_pos2678 drama of temptation , salvation and good intentions is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power . 
train_pos2679 the performances are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times . 
train_pos2680 a damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film . 
train_pos2681 still rapturous after all these years , cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love . 
train_pos2682 straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words , possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it . 
train_pos2683 it may . . . work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns . 
train_pos2684 this harrowing journey into combat hell vividly captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked . 
train_pos2685 far more successful , if considerably less ambitious , than last year's kubrick-meets-spielberg exercise . 
train_pos2686 apart from anything else , this is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen . 
train_pos2687 here is a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that didn't sell many records but helped change a nation . 
train_pos2688 carrying off a spot-on scottish burr , duvall ( also a producer ) peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper . 
train_pos2689 the acting , for the most part , is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans . 
train_pos2690 parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic . but mostly it's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived . 
train_pos2691 were it not for a sentimental resolution that explains way more about cal than does the movie or the character any good , freundlich's world traveler might have been one of the more daring and surprising american movies of the year . 
train_pos2692  " home movie " is the film equivalent of a lovingly rendered coffee table book . 
train_pos2693 graphic sex may be what's attracting audiences to unfaithful , but gripping performances by lane and gere are what will keep them awake . 
train_pos2694 when compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , davis' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic . 
train_pos2695 much has been written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s , but words don't really do the era justice . you have to see it . 
train_pos2696 even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully , this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern . 
train_pos2697 what lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks is its refusal to recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map . 
train_pos2698 we've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there's an enthusiastic charm in <i ? fire that makes the formula fresh again . 
train_pos2699 both an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting memorial to the dead of that day , and of the thousands thereafter . 
train_pos2700 a sly dissection of the inanities of the contemporary music business and a rather sad story of the difficulties of artistic collaboration . 
train_pos2701 it's like a " big chill " reunion of the baader-meinhof gang , only these guys are more harmless pranksters than political activists . 
train_pos2702 red dragon " never cuts corners . 
train_pos2703 fresnadillo has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense . 
train_pos2704 generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters . 
train_pos2705 it's up to you to decide whether to admire these people's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life . 
train_pos2706  . . . quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks . 
train_pos2707 at its worst , the movie is pretty diverting ; the pity is that it rarely achieves its best . 
train_pos2708 a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick , and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship . 
train_pos2709 the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ms . ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh's book trainspotting . 
train_pos2710 as it turns out , you can go home again . 
train_pos2711 grown-up quibbles are beside the point here . the little girls understand , and mccracken knows that's all that matters . 
train_pos2712 this is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain . 
train_pos2713  . . . a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department . 
train_pos2714  . . . is funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality . 
train_pos2715 what's so striking about jolie's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair . 
train_pos2716 the main story . . . is compelling enough , but it's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish . 
train_pos2717 kinnear . . . gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life's ultimate losers . 
train_pos2718 there's a lot of tooth in roger dodger . but what's nice is that there's a casual intelligence that permeates the script . 
train_pos2719 you needn't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes' work . though haynes' style apes films from the period . . . its message is not rooted in that decade . 
train_pos2720 waiting for godard can be fruitful : 'in praise of love' is the director's epitaph for himself . 
train_pos2721 a gangster movie with the capacity to surprise . 
train_pos2722 if not a home run , then at least a solid base hit . 
train_pos2723 it may not be particularly innovative , but the film's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding . 
train_pos2724 drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth . 
train_pos2725 works because we're never sure if ohlinger's on the level or merely a dying , delusional man trying to get into the history books before he croaks . 
train_pos2726 [scherfig] has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters' lives after the clever credits roll . 
train_pos2727 a heady , biting , be-bop ride through nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego . 
train_pos2728 by the time it ends in a rush of sequins , flashbulbs , blaring brass and back-stabbing babes , it has said plenty about how show business has infiltrated every corner of society -- and not always for the better . 
train_pos2729 rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day . 
train_pos2730 for all its brooding quality , ash wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast . 
train_pos2731 an odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it didn't try to . 
train_pos2732 the film feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority . 
train_pos2733 despite its faults , gangs excels in spectacle and pacing . 
train_pos2734 a tightly directed , highly professional film that's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways . 
train_pos2735 buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role . 
train_pos2736 an original and highly cerebral examination of the psychopathic mind
train_pos2737 this is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that doesn't reveal even a hint of artifice . 
train_pos2738 [grant] goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it . 
train_pos2739 a high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime . 
train_pos2740 everyone's insecure in lovely and amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships . 
train_pos2741 the closest thing to the experience of space travel
train_pos2742 full of surprises . 
train_pos2743 an unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that is generally played for maximum moisture . 
train_pos2744 in addition to scoring high for originality of plot -- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- lilo & stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded . 
train_pos2745 miller has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection . 
train_pos2746 one of the most exciting action films to come out of china in recent years . 
train_pos2747 my little eye is the best little " horror " movie i've seen in years . 
train_pos2748 even if the naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm . 
train_pos2749 the strength of the film lies in its two central performances by sven wollter as the stricken composer and viveka seldahl as his desperate violinist wife . 
train_pos2750 like the series , the movie is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most of all , alive . 
train_pos2751 you don't know whether to admire the film's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace . or both . 
train_pos2752 time out is as serious as a pink slip . and more than that , it's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation . 
train_pos2753 will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year . 
train_pos2754 a highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet edge to it . 
train_pos2755 the most consistently funny of the austin powers films . 
train_pos2756 cockettes has the glorious , gaudy benefit of much stock footage of those days , featuring all manner of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie . 
train_pos2757 there's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us . 
train_pos2758 the comedy makes social commentary more palatable . 
train_pos2759 an ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre . 
train_pos2760 this new zealand coming-of-age movie isn't really about anything . when it's this rich and luscious , who cares ? 
train_pos2761 this gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family . 
train_pos2762 the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough . 
train_pos2763 williams creates a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity . 
train_pos2764 if you're in the right b-movie frame of mind , it may just scare the pants off you . 
train_pos2765 a movie of riveting power and sadness . 
train_pos2766 both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics . 
train_pos2767 quietly engaging . 
train_pos2768 ludicrous , but director carl franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining . 
train_pos2769 director roger kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity . and there's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together . 
train_pos2770 dense , exhilarating documentary . 
train_pos2771 the production values are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable . 
train_pos2772 a well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone . 
train_pos2773 ramsay and morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling . 
train_pos2774 this submarine drama earns the right to be favorably compared to das boot . 
train_pos2775 claude chabrol's camera has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements . 
train_pos2776 like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about north korea's recent past and south korea's future adds a much needed moral weight . 
train_pos2777 special p . o . v . camera mounts on bikes , skateboards , and motorcycles provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense imax screen . 
train_pos2778 mike white's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor make " " the good girl " a film worth watching . 
train_pos2779 this is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood . 
train_pos2780 meant to reduce blake's philosophy into a tragic coming-of-age saga punctuated by bursts of animator todd mcfarlane's superhero dystopia . 
train_pos2781 assayas' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of jacques chardonne's novel . 
train_pos2782 as ex-marine walter , who may or may not have shot kennedy , actor raymond j . barry is perfectly creepy and believable . 
train_pos2783 those who don't entirely 'get' godard's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy . 
train_pos2784 pete's screenplay manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish . 
train_pos2785 it uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film . the result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking . 
train_pos2786 its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing . 
train_pos2787 the early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us . this is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one . it's sort of in-between , and it works . 
train_pos2788 whether our action-and-popcorn obsessed culture will embrace this engaging and literate psychodrama isn't much of a mystery , unfortunately . 
train_pos2789 sly , sophisticated and surprising . 
train_pos2790 spare but quietly effective retelling . 
train_pos2791 demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces . 
train_pos2792 its story about a young chinese woman , ah na , who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling . 
train_pos2793 there are so few films about the plight of american indians in modern america that skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front . 
train_pos2794 [shyamalan] continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision . 
train_pos2795 a whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking christian-themed fun . 
train_pos2796 much smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be . 
train_pos2797 the story is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution . 
train_pos2798 a movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling . 
train_pos2799 represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging indian american cinema . 
train_pos2800 doesn't do more than expand a tv show to movie length . however , it's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome . 
train_pos2801 a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties . 
train_pos2802 it's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think that's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline . 
train_pos2803 enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast . 
train_pos2804 writer/ director m . night shyamalan's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable . 
train_pos2805 if you can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore , you'll see del toro has brought unexpected gravity to blade ii . 
train_pos2806 not a strike against yang's similarly themed yi yi , but i found what time ? to be more engaging on an emotional level , funnier , and on the whole less detached . 
train_pos2807 a breathtaking adventure for all ages , spirit tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images . 
train_pos2808 a charming and funny story of clashing cultures and a clashing mother/daughter relationship . 
train_pos2809 never lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches . . . gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving . 
train_pos2810 shiner can certainly go the distance , but isn't world championship material
train_pos2811  . . . a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job . . . 
train_pos2812 affable if not timeless , like mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids . 
train_pos2813 a film of delicate interpersonal dances . caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose . it's a sight to behold . 
train_pos2814 it's an unusual , thoughtful bio-drama with a rich subject and some fantastic moments and scenes . 
train_pos2815 gangs , despite the gravity of its subject matter , is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western . 
train_pos2816 peter jackson has done the nearly impossible . he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper . what jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
train_pos2817 like kissing jessica stein , amy's orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor . 
train_pos2818 one of the year's best films , featuring an oscar-worthy performance by julianne moore . 
train_pos2819 a small gem from belgium . 
train_pos2820 combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration . 
train_pos2821 a soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes . . . almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination . 
train_pos2822 the most ingenious film comedy since being john malkovich . 
train_pos2823 there's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers . 
train_pos2824 manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it . 
train_pos2825 to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest . 
train_pos2826 jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging . 
train_pos2827 although melodramatic and predictable , this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five filipino-americans and their frantic efforts to find love . 
train_pos2828 i have a new favorite musical -- and i'm not even a fan of the genre
train_pos2829 it's unlikely we'll see a better thriller this year . 
train_pos2830 jason patric and ray liotta make for one splendidly cast pair . 
train_pos2831 noyce creates a film of near-hypnotic physical beauty even as he tells a story as horrifying as any in the heart-breakingly extensive annals of white-on-black racism . 
train_pos2832 starts slowly , but adrien brody – in the title role – helps make the film's conclusion powerful and satisfying . 
train_pos2833 very predictable but still entertaining
train_pos2834 nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one . 
train_pos2835 pratfalls aside , barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other . 
train_pos2836 even though we know the outcome , the seesawing of the general's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy . 
train_pos2837 twohy knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record . 
train_pos2838 i prefer soderbergh's concentration on his two lovers over tarkovsky's mostly male , mostly patriarchal debating societies . 
train_pos2839 'if you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy , it can easily worm its way into your heart . '
train_pos2840 in imax in short , it's just as wonderful on the big screen . 
train_pos2841 does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character's story . 
train_pos2842 those of you who don't believe in santa claus probably also think that sequels can never capture the magic of the original . well , this movie proves you wrong on both counts . 
train_pos2843 a deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city coming apart at its seams . 
train_pos2844 the rare imax movie that you'll wish was longer than an hour . 
train_pos2845 i've yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese , but at least now we've got something pretty damn close . 
train_pos2846 a moving and not infrequently breathtaking film . 
train_pos2847 it's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed , but that's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie's strangeness . 
train_pos2848 as action-adventure , this space-based homage to robert louis stevenson's treasure island fires on all plasma conduits . 
train_pos2849 a melancholy , emotional film . 
train_pos2850 while the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed , the subject matter is so fascinating that you won't care . 
train_pos2851 intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery . 
train_pos2852 goofy , nutty , consistently funny . and educational ! 
train_pos2853 not a schlocky creature feature but something far more stylish and cerebral--and , hence , more chillingly effective . 
train_pos2854 it leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors . 
train_pos2855 the film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery . 
train_pos2856 beautifully directed and convincingly acted . 
train_pos2857 the film occasionally tries the viewer's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story . 
train_pos2858 a big-budget/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as the hours is a distinct rarity , and an event . 
train_pos2859  . . . certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes . but something seems to be missing . a sense of real magic , perhaps . 
train_pos2860 that haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace . 
train_pos2861  . . . one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages . . . 
train_pos2862 plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and then , without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision . 
train_pos2863 would you laugh if a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can ? do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man's body ? if you answered yes , by all means enjoy the new guy . 
train_pos2864 missteps take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane . 
train_pos2865 the engagingly primitive animated special effects contribute to a mood that's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion . 
train_pos2866 the picture's fascinating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed . 
train_pos2867 suffers from its timid parsing of the barn-side target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers . 
train_pos2868 it's like an old warner bros . costumer jived with sex -- this could be the movie errol flynn always wanted to make , though bette davis , cast as joan , would have killed him . 
train_pos2869 satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time . 
train_pos2870 oh , james ! your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this , madonna's cameo doesn't suck ! 
train_pos2871 that death is merely a transition is a common tenet in the world's religions . this deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications . 
train_pos2872 there is something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot . . . a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics
train_pos2873  . . . planos fijos , tomas largas , un ritmo pausado y una sutil observación de sus personajes , sin estridencias ni grandes revelaciones . 
train_pos2874 the symbols float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees . i wanted more . 
train_pos2875 if it's unnerving suspense you're after -- you'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for . 
train_pos2876 the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys' direction is clever and insightful . 
train_pos2877 proves a servicable world war ii drama that can't totally hide its contrivances , but it at least calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored . 
train_pos2878  . . . strips bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults . 
train_pos2879 tends to pile too many " serious issues " on its plate at times , yet remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written . 
train_pos2880 it's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space . 
train_pos2881 sayles has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now . . . and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors . 
train_pos2882 despite an overwrought ending , the film works as well as it does because of the performances . 
train_pos2883 though nijinsky's words grow increasingly disturbed , the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature . 
train_pos2884 from both a great and a terrible story , mr . nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience . 
train_pos2885 spider-man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units . 
train_pos2886 the first shocking thing about sorority boys is that it's actually watchable . even more baffling is that it's funny . 
train_pos2887 neither quite a comedy nor a romance , more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest attal and gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm . 
train_pos2888 first and foremost . . . the reason to go see " blue crush " is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings . 
train_pos2889 the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart . 
train_pos2890 how i killed my father would be a rarity in hollywood . it's an actor's showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters -- including the supporting ones . 
train_pos2891 what's most memorable about circuit is that it's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large . . . and small . . . with considerable aplomb . 
train_pos2892 scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar . yes , soar . 
train_pos2893 soderbergh , like kubrick before him , may not touch the planet's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit . 
train_pos2894 much credit must be given to the water-camera operating team of don king , sonny miller , and michael stewart . their work is fantastic . 
train_pos2895 crush is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half . 
train_pos2896 franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic . 
train_pos2897 old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment . 
train_pos2898 if you open yourself up to mr . reggio's theory of this imagery as the movie's set . . . it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change . 
train_pos2899 where this was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , that is even lazier and far less enjoyable . 
train_pos2900 the 3-d vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe , are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry . 
train_pos2901 fans of the modern day hong kong action film finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for . 
train_pos2902 what sets this romantic comedy apart from most hollywood romantic comedies is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material . 
train_pos2903 this seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done . it's a scorcher . 
train_pos2904 bittersweet comedy/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable italian guys . 
train_pos2905 works as pretty contagious fun . 
train_pos2906 a film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers . 
train_pos2907 serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey will find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination . 
train_pos2908 oddly , the film isn't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny . 
train_pos2909 smarter than its commercials make it seem . 
train_pos2910 steven soderbergh doesn't remake andrei tarkovsky's solaris so much as distill it . 
train_pos2911 though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal , the film doesn't ignore the more problematic aspects of brown's life . 
train_pos2912 the philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics of the film's action in a way that is surprisingly enjoyable . 
train_pos2913 director lee has a true cinematic knack , but it's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve . 
train_pos2914 jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers . 
train_pos2915 a vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish . 
train_pos2916 if s&m seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it's to this film's ( and its makers' ) credit that we believe that that's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves . 
train_pos2917 mel gibson fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency . 
train_pos2918 a brutal and funny work . nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy doesn't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully . 
train_pos2919 one of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt doodled steamboat willie . 
train_pos2920 move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel . 
train_pos2921 the kind of trifle that date nights were invented for . 
train_pos2922  . it's a testament to the film's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries . there's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls . . . 
train_pos2923 tells ( the story ) with such atmospheric ballast that shrugging off the plot's persnickety problems is simply a matter of ( being ) in a shrugging mood . 
train_pos2924 what emerges is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice . promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents' anguish . 
train_pos2925 you won't look at religious fanatics -- or backyard sheds -- the same way again . 
train_pos2926 a lovably old-school hollywood confection . 
train_pos2927 i'm happy to have seen it -- not as an alternate version , but as the ultimate exercise in viewing deleted scenes . 
train_pos2928 the warnings to resist temptation in this film . . . are blunt and challenging and offer no easy rewards for staying clean . 
train_pos2929 wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message . 
train_pos2930 a quirky comedy set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that's so prevalent on the rock . 
train_pos2931 i'd rather watch a rerun of the powerpuff girls
train_pos2932 with the prospect of films like kangaroo jack about to burst across america's winter movie screens it's a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative . 
train_pos2933 spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but " spider-man " certainly delivers the goods . 
train_pos2934 other than the slightly flawed ( and fairly unbelievable ) finale , everything else is top shelf . 
train_pos2935 there's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him . 
train_pos2936 a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives . 
train_pos2937 though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story itself could be played out in any working class community in the nation . 
train_pos2938 an animation landmark as monumental as disney's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs . 
train_pos2939 one of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature . 
train_pos2940 kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie . and adults will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film's lamer instincts are in the saddle . 
train_pos2941 paid in full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks . 
train_pos2942 less cinematically powerful than quietly and deeply moving , which is powerful in itself . 
train_pos2943 waydowntown manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it . 
train_pos2944 each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness , but thirteen conversations about one thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments . 
train_pos2945 the script's snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis , but the lazy plotting ensures that little of our emotional investment pays off . 
train_pos2946 maggie smith as the ya-ya member with the o2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment . 
train_pos2947 this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style . 
train_pos2948 although i didn't hate this one , it's not very good either . it can be safely recommended as a video/dvd babysitter . 
train_pos2949 another best of the year selection . 
train_pos2950 it's a very valuable film . . . 
train_pos2951 max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve . . . as far as art is concerned , it's mission accomplished . 
train_pos2952 here polanski looks back on those places he saw at childhood , and captures them by freeing them from artefact , and by showing them heartbreakingly drably . 
train_pos2953 a compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds . 
train_pos2954 with " ichi the killer " , takashi miike , japan's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman . . . 
train_pos2955 you never know where changing lanes is going to take you but it's a heck of a ride . samuel l . jackson is one of the best actors there is . 
train_pos2956 an almost unbearably morbid love story . 
train_pos2957 the wild thornberrys movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate . 
train_pos2958 a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself . 
train_pos2959 spielberg's realization of a near-future america is masterful . this makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever . 
train_pos2960 the gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon . 
train_pos2961 stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection . 
train_pos2962 all in all , brown sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that's both charming and well acted . it will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face . 
train_pos2963 smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise . 
train_pos2964 an older cad instructs a younger lad in zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy . 
train_pos2965  " austin powers in goldmember " has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end . 
train_pos2966 one of [jaglom's] better efforts -- a wry and sometime bitter movie about love . 
train_pos2967 a fresh , entertaining comedy that looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles . 
train_pos2968 although estela bravo's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro , it's still a guilty pleasure to watch . 
train_pos2969 brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate . 
train_pos2970 if you can read the subtitles ( the opera is sung in italian ) and you like 'masterpiece theatre' type costumes , you'll enjoy this movie . 
train_pos2971 a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro . 
train_pos2972 this chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare . 
train_pos2973 has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be . 
train_pos2974 with its jerky hand-held camera and documentary feel , bloody sunday is a sobering recount of a very bleak day in derry . 
train_pos2975 you will likely prefer to keep on watching . 
train_pos2976 insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion . but the performances of pacino , williams , and swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through . 
train_pos2977 what might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point . 
train_pos2978 at a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had , godfrey reggio's career shines like a lonely beacon . 
train_pos2979 an inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds . 
train_pos2980 this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek ( as well as a serious debt to the road warrior ) , but it feels like unrealized potential
train_pos2981 it's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones that by movie's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all . 
train_pos2982 performances are potent , and the women's stories are ably intercut and involving . 
train_pos2983 an enormously entertaining movie , like nothing we've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar . 
train_pos2984 lan yu is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery . 
train_pos2985 your children will be occupied for 72 minutes . 
train_pos2986 twohy's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels . 
train_pos2987 passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly . . . 
train_pos2988 road to perdition does display greatness , and it's worth seeing . but it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it's won . 
train_pos2989 arliss howard's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws . 
train_pos2990 critics need a good laugh , too , and this too-extreme-for-tv rendition of the notorious mtv show delivers the outrageous , sickening , sidesplitting goods in steaming , visceral heaps . 
train_pos2991 what a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this is . 
train_pos2992 a vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior . 
train_pos2993 a tour de force of modern cinema . 
train_pos2994 peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience . 
train_pos2995 without resorting to camp or parody , haynes ( like sirk , but differently ) has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange . 
train_pos2996 the performances are an absolute joy . 
train_pos2997 a quasi-documentary by french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music . 
train_pos2998 both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , what time is it there ? may prove to be [tsai's] masterpiece . 
train_pos2999 it's nice to see piscopo again after all these years , and chaykin and headly are priceless . 
